---
title: "I2P Dev Meeting - March 11, 2014"
date: 2014-03-11
author: "zzz"
description: "I2P development meeting log for March 11, 2014."
categories: ["meeting"]
---

## Quick recap

<p class="attendees-inline"><strong>Present:</strong> AK-47, eche|on, efkt, inscrut\_, kytv, orion, psi, str4d, topiltzin, zzz</p>

## Meeting Log

<div class="irc-log"> 20:00:26  &lt;zzz&gt; 0. Hi 20:00:26  &lt;zzz&gt; 1. anoncoin.i2p console home page request (Meeh) 20:00:26  &lt;zzz&gt; 2. Git (Meeh) 20:00:26  &lt;zzz&gt; 3. Echelon reduced services / incorporation 20:00:26  &lt;zzz&gt; 0. Hi 20:00:27  &lt;zzz&gt; Hi 20:00:33  &lt;zzz&gt; Let's limit each topic to about 15 minutes 20:01:43  &lt;eche|on&gt; hi 20:02:02  &lt;orion&gt; Hi. 20:02:29  &lt;inscrut_&gt; hi eche|on 20:02:39  &lt;inscrut_&gt; o/ orion 20:02:48  &lt;topiltzin&gt; hi 20:04:08  &lt;inscrut_&gt; yo topz 20:05:15  &lt;str4d&gt; hey 20:05:26  &lt;topiltzin&gt; netsplit 20:05:54  &lt;str4d&gt; boo 20:05:59  &lt;str4d&gt; hiss 20:06:15  * inscrut_ lobs a tomato 20:08:58  &lt;topiltzin&gt; alright, meeting's over.  Move along now 20:09:01  &lt;eche|on&gt; on topics 0-2 I am rather more or less "go ahead". 20:09:12  &lt;zzz&gt; ok lets try this again 20:09:12  &lt;zzz&gt; &lt;zzz&gt; 0. Hi 20:09:12  &lt;zzz&gt; &lt;zzz&gt; 1. anoncoin.i2p console home page request (Meeh) 20:09:12  &lt;zzz&gt; &lt;zzz&gt; 2. Git (Meeh) 20:09:12  &lt;zzz&gt; &lt;zzz&gt; 3. Echelon reduced services / incorporation 20:09:12  &lt;zzz&gt; &lt;zzz&gt; 0. Hi 20:09:12  &lt;zzz&gt; &lt;zzz&gt; Hi 20:09:12  &lt;zzz&gt; &lt;zzz&gt; Let's limit each topic to about 15 minutes 20:09:12  &lt;zzz&gt; &lt;zzz&gt; For 2 and 3, which are large and oft-discussed topics, let's focus on where we are now and what to do next, not how we got here 20:09:12  &lt;zzz&gt; &lt;zzz&gt; I don't expect to reach any decisions on 2 or 3, but it would be nice to come up with next steps for research if necessary 20:09:12  &lt;zzz&gt; &lt;zzz&gt; Also, background on the agenda items are at the link in /topic above. 20:09:12  &lt;zzz&gt; &lt;zzz&gt; 1. anoncoin.i2p console home page request (Meeh) 20:09:12  &lt;zzz&gt; &lt;zzz&gt; Meeh are you here? 20:09:12  &lt;zzz&gt; &lt;zzz&gt; skipping 1 and 2 20:09:12  &lt;zzz&gt; &lt;zzz&gt; 3. Echelon reduced services / incorporation 20:09:12  &lt;zzz&gt; &lt;zzz&gt; eche|on, are you here? 20:09:44  &lt;zzz&gt; so we skipped  1 and 2 and are on 3. eche|on the floor is yours 20:10:12  &lt;eche|on&gt; due to a lot of private and non private issues, I reduced my services and will reduce some more 20:10:20  &lt;eche|on&gt; e.g. false.i2p is down 20:10:48  &lt;eche|on&gt; which service will be next I cannot tell currently, I will keep on being the money guy for this year at least 20:11:27  &lt;eche|on&gt; I just got some thoughts now tha I could not stop I2P from loosing money due to fraud and other stuff, it gets harder 20:11:54  &lt;eche|on&gt; also the more money, the tougher it gets, esp. with companies donation money to us, which we should spent on "useful" stuff. 20:12:17  &lt;orion&gt; I'd like to interject. 20:12:19  &lt;eche|on&gt; it is all not really clear, more a "feeling", I know, but I just want to inform you 20:13:33  &lt;AK-47&gt; Thanks for the time it lasted, anyway. 20:13:33  &lt;psi&gt; hi 20:13:33  &lt;zzz&gt; eche|on,  you have any specific proposals to bring to us today? 20:14:30  &lt;zzz&gt; two possibilities that may lessen your workload slightly - making orion "asst. treasurer - U.S. $$" and Meeh "asst. treasurer - BTC/altcoin" --- would either of those help at all? 20:14:31  &lt;eche|on&gt; my propopsal: think hard about getting incorporated and if not 20:14:50  &lt;eche|on&gt; a $ treasurer will help for $ donations, sure 20:15:00  &lt;eche|on&gt; and meeh for alt/btc would be fine, too 20:15:43  &lt;inscrut_&gt; is it possible to publicise the books?  perhaps as a dual-entry ledger? 20:15:52  &lt;eche|on&gt; books? 20:16:01  &lt;eche|on&gt; http://echelon.i2p/donations/index.html 20:16:09  &lt;iRelay&gt; Title: Donations (at echelon.i2p) 20:16:26  &lt;orion&gt; I want to make two separate proposals. The first one is thus: We should keep the money spread out in multiple currencies (dollar, euro, *coin). 20:16:39  &lt;orion&gt; And they should be held in different jurisdictions. 20:16:40  &lt;eche|on&gt; my bigger problem/fear is the amount of nearly 40k  in my hand. as this is "official" my money, for the law. not I2p. 20:17:54  &lt;str4d&gt; hmm. So if you independently have financial trouble, legally you would need to wipe out I2P funds. 20:18:15  &lt;eche|on&gt; correct 20:18:32  &lt;eche|on&gt; thats the problem with being not a legal entity 20:18:54  &lt;eche|on&gt; and thats why I do not want more than 50k  here, more or less 20:21:36  &lt;orion&gt; eche|on: Before considering incorporation, do you agree that the money should be held in both different currencies and jurisdictions? 20:21:43  &lt;eche|on&gt; I do not have big problems (personal) with more than 50k, but if there are problems, I2P will loose, which is not my intention 20:22:05  &lt;zzz&gt; there's some benefit in keeping a $$ account. Much of our income and expenses is in $$ and we lose lots in the round-trip conversions 20:22:13  &lt;eche|on&gt; orion:  a US based $ account is usefull and if someone wants it: yes 20:22:34  &lt;orion&gt; I will volunteer to hold USD in an account. 20:23:40  &lt;zzz&gt; is it managable for mutliple ppl to hold money and yet roll up the totals and transactions on the hall-of-fame page? 20:24:25  &lt;eche|on&gt; it is possible due to mtn/git hosting of our webpage 20:24:42  &lt;eche|on&gt; we would need a table/section for each currency 20:25:06  &lt;str4d&gt; displaying it is simple 20:25:07  &lt;eche|on&gt; if we want to divide ONE currency upon 2+x people, they need to interact good 20:26:58  &lt;zzz&gt; eche|on would remain  treasurer and responsible for keeping the totals, with assistants responsible for keeping track of their part? 20:27:00  &lt;eche|on&gt; about incorporation: 50k  is not worth the hassle IMHO, but there IS a risk 20:27:16  &lt;eche|on&gt; zzz: would be fine. 20:27:30  &lt;zzz&gt; incororation does very little to reduce risk 20:27:50  &lt;eche|on&gt; but it takes the risk off me ;-) 20:29:03  &lt;orion&gt; I have a proposal that doesn't involve incorporation: a trust fund 20:29:03  &lt;str4d&gt; doesn't prevent willful money loss, but prevents legal loss due to personal insolvency 20:29:06  &lt;zzz&gt; so the proposal is to make orion an assistant treasurer - U.S. --- any objections or further discussion on that? 20:29:07  &lt;topiltzin&gt; don't spend the bitcoins on acid 20:29:09  &lt;str4d&gt; I second orion's nomination 20:29:59  &lt;zzz&gt; ok sounds like a done deal, eche|on and orion can work out the details. 20:30:16  &lt;eche|on&gt; addendum to the topic list: 20:30:24  &lt;eche|on&gt; 4. 50BTC Bitcoin client bounty 20:30:43  &lt;zzz&gt; We're about at the end of our 15 minutes. Any next steps on incorporation or proposals or things to do or research re: incorporation? 20:30:53  &lt;eche|on&gt; 50BTC is alot of money for a plugin of I2P btc. Proposal: reduce to 10 and 40BTC into general fund 20:31:05  &lt;zzz&gt; ok ech you're on the list for #4 20:31:15  &lt;orion&gt; topiltzin: I won't. :x 20:31:29  &lt;zzz&gt; last call for topic 3 20:31:35  &lt;orion&gt; zzz: Trust fund. 20:31:52  &lt;orion&gt; I want to propose that as a cheap alternative to incorporation. 20:32:25  &lt;zzz&gt; ok, how about if you write up a proposal and post it somewhere and we can discuss at a future meeting? 20:32:41  &lt;str4d&gt; With e.g. What are the legal differences? 20:33:46  &lt;zzz&gt; declaring end of topic 3 20:33:50  &lt;zzz&gt; back to topic 1 20:33:52  &lt;zzz&gt;  1. anoncoin.i2p console home page request (Meeh) 20:34:09  &lt;zzz&gt; any discussions agreement or objections to anoncoin.i2p on the home page? 20:34:44  &lt;eche|on&gt; go ahead, add it 20:35:41  &lt;zzz&gt; anoncoin could be about to go big and Meeh's working on marketing it more to the I2P community 20:35:48  &lt;zzz&gt; last call for 1 20:36:22  &lt;eche|on&gt; I would be carefull about "getting big" even litecoin did not got big, its all a bit of a hype, but hey, great anoncoin is known for I2P 20:36:40  &lt;eche|on&gt; to bad snowden did no marketing for I2P 20:36:49  &lt;zzz&gt; heh. 20:37:03  &lt;zzz&gt; but talk to Meeh if you have any questions about his plans 20:37:06  &lt;str4d&gt; I couldn't view the website, but I have no obvious objections. 20:37:08  &lt;eche|on&gt; will do 20:37:16  &lt;zzz&gt; end of 1. I'll add it. 20:37:17  &lt;zzz&gt; 2. Git (Meeh) 20:37:30  &lt;efkt&gt; +1 for anoncoin 20:37:38  &lt;orion&gt; No objections for anoncoin. 20:37:39  &lt;eche|on&gt; git - no real objection, except the resume issue and a need for a howto 20:37:40  &lt;zzz&gt; any thoughts on git? 20:37:56  &lt;zzz&gt; is there a resume issue? 20:38:08  &lt;str4d&gt; Pros: 20:38:12  &lt;eche|on&gt; afaik GIT does not resume 20:38:16  &lt;str4d&gt; Everyone knows it 20:38:24  &lt;orion&gt; Wait, what is resume? 20:38:32  &lt;orion&gt; What is the context of this topic? 20:38:50  &lt;zzz&gt; http://zzz.i2p/topics/1588 &lt;--- context 20:38:56  &lt;iRelay&gt; Title: zzz.i2p: Meeting Tues. Mar. 11 8 PM UTC (at zzz.i2p) 20:38:57  &lt;topiltzin&gt; If the connection breaks during a fetch/clone/pull/push 20:39:03  &lt;eche|on&gt; orion: on a big clone/pull/... tunnel breaks, does git start over from beginning or in middle of transaction? 20:40:11  &lt;str4d&gt; Everything supports it 20:40:12  &lt;str4d&gt; Can sign or approve commits with GPG keys 20:40:12  &lt;str4d&gt; orion: possible mive from mtn to git 20:40:12  &lt;str4d&gt; Cons: 20:41:09  &lt;str4d&gt; - Resume not supported (if a pull fails partway you have to start from beginning) 20:41:09  &lt;str4d&gt; - local timezone stored in commit 20:41:09  &lt;str4d&gt; (fix with alias git='TZ=UTC git') 20:41:41  &lt;zzz&gt; HH recently accepted a pull request on github i2p.i2p. If he can do that, why switch to git? Is real git better than exporting? 20:42:05  &lt;topiltzin&gt; real git would be anonymous as we wouldn't be using github 20:42:42  &lt;topiltzin&gt; there are other issues with exporting - changes since last export not visible until the next export 20:42:49  &lt;zzz&gt; I thought the point was to make github pulls easier 20:43:26  &lt;zzz&gt; if a new contributor has to run git inside i2p, did we really make it any easier for him? 20:43:58  &lt;topiltzin&gt; if we did what? 20:44:14  &lt;zzz&gt; switched to git, whatever that means 20:44:37  &lt;topiltzin&gt; I assume we would have in-i2p as well as clearnet git servers, much like we have them in mtn now 20:45:46  &lt;topiltzin&gt; and they would sync periodically just like now.  Conceptually everything stays the same, all we change is the software 20:45:53  &lt;zzz&gt; I guess I dont know how pull requests work so I'll stop asking questions 20:47:30  &lt;topiltzin&gt; pull request is like saying: "Please sync from my git repo" 20:47:56  &lt;topiltzin&gt; on a conceptual level there is very little difference between git and mtn.  It's surprising how similar their mechanisms are 20:47:56  &lt;zzz&gt; how about a straw poll -  anybody who has an opinion, type in ++, +, 0, -, or -- for strongly in favor/in favor/neutral/opposed/strongly opposed to moving to git 20:48:05  &lt;topiltzin&gt; ++ 20:48:08  &lt;orion&gt; ++ 20:48:17  &lt;eche|on&gt; 0 20:49:02  &lt;zzz&gt; 0 20:50:14  &lt;zzz&gt; any volunteers to research further and report back? 20:51:08  &lt;topiltzin&gt; any specifics on what to research? 20:51:28  &lt;zzz&gt; we have e.g. viewmtn, trac, and some mtn stuff embedded in our build scripts that would all need to be addressed. Anybody to make a list of what would be required and how much work 20:51:59  &lt;zzz&gt; and whether the resume issue is a serious problem or not 20:53:01  &lt;zzz&gt; well then, lets put it back on Meeh since it's his agenda item. We'll ask him to report back at a future meeting. 20:53:10  &lt;zzz&gt; anything else on 2? 20:53:12  &lt;topiltzin&gt; I'll take a look, although I imagine kytv would know best about the build scripts, no? 20:53:42  &lt;zzz&gt; the build stuff is mostly my doing 20:53:52  &lt;zzz&gt; end of 2) 20:53:59  &lt;zzz&gt; 4. 50BTC Bitcoin client bounty - echelon go 20:54:39  &lt;eche|on&gt; ok, the native bitcoin client still has 50 BTC leftover for the task of "integrating btc client into I2P client", aka: plugin 20:55:38  &lt;eche|on&gt; there is already a btc client for I2p (IMHO giv made it) and he got 68 BTC and 30 from the bounty for the standalone client 20:56:08  &lt;eche|on&gt; now: 50 BTC is A LOT for making a plugin. I would like to split it, e.g. 10 BTC for plugin, 40 for general fund 20:56:28  &lt;str4d&gt; even 10BTC is a lot. 20:57:12  &lt;kytv&gt; (1BTC is a lot) 20:57:22  &lt;kytv&gt; (for a plugin) 20:59:04  &lt;eche|on&gt; I do not know, thats why I set it on topic 20:59:16  &lt;eche|on&gt; I do not want to be the bad guy "stealing" money from bounties 21:02:42  &lt;zzz&gt; no objections to splitting it 21:03:00  &lt;eche|on&gt; ok 21:03:09  &lt;eche|on&gt; will do so 21:03:22  &lt;zzz&gt; anybody else with thoughts on 4) 21:03:45  &lt;kytv&gt; just to be clear: no objections on splitting. 21:03:52  &lt;zzz&gt; anything else for the meeting? 21:04:23  * zzz encourages people to discuss things between meetings 21:04:41  &lt;kytv&gt; (big objection to 50BTC going to a plugin...i mean http://coinmill.com/BTC_EUR.html#BTC=50) 21:04:45  &lt;iRelay&gt; Title: Convert Bitcoins (BTC) and Euros (EUR): Currency Exchange Rate Conversion Calculator (at coinmill.com) 21:04:53  &lt;zzz&gt; and reminds that anybody can schedule a meeting on any topic at any time 21:05:06  * zzz *bafs* the meeting closed </div>
