---
title: "0.9.11 Release"
date: 2014-02-08
author: "zzz"
description: "0.9.11 adds support for outproxy plugins, improves lease set lookup security, and reduces memory usage."
categories: ["release"]
---

0.9.11 continues improving LeaseSet lookup and storage to prevent an attacker from correlating a Destination with a Router. It adds support for the [Orchid](http://www.subgraph.com/orchid.html) outproxy plugin which is available at [plugins.i2p](http://plugins.i2p/plugins/orchid/). There is a reduction in memory usage due to fixes in the transports. We have some I2CP protocol improvements that will provide better lookup facilities and authorization protection for external clients. Of course, there's also the usual collection of bug fixes. All users should update.

This may be the last release that works with Java 5, which is very old and unsupported. If you are using a Java 5 or 6 runtime, we strongly recommend that you upgrade to Java 7.

As usual, we recommend that you update to this release. The best way to maintain security and help the network is to run the latest release.

## RELEASE DETAILS

### Anonymity Improvements

- More leaseset handling improvements

### Bug Fixes

- Fix NPE after client shutdown
- Fix wrapper log encoding on logs page
- Streaming ping and I2Ping fixes

### Other

- Add support for Orchid plugin
- Add HTTPS support to HTTP client proxy
- New I2CP support for hostname lookups by external clients
- Stricter I2CP authorization enforcement of external clients (incompatible change)
- Increase default inbound exploratory tunnel length variance
- Big reduction in memory usage by transports
- All in-net updates via torrent
- Translation updates
- Update GeoIP data (new installs and PPA only)

### SHA256 Checksums

```
536a5dd49110a3717c74701c7f2ed91deea10109e527125c3bbed3b6863fffaa  i2pinstall_0.9.11_windows.exe
a0fe6702424d14fdb8697aa34fae0f5960dd6045a469ce910ad90928362eb72e  i2pinstall_0.9.11.jar
50b18c6e012cae1f05295b54ec88ab71c56b8ebf8b9267242bab37f918b80166  i2psource_0.9.11.tar.bz2
5264e4c02b7d8b9a6af3c5829d891f6a53f51a976d08fa68873b8717cbfc4b74  i2pupdate_0.9.11.zip
ef360bf2e6ab220b0b5bbac1835b6c43649efe42819695a67210f54ac36a1a87  i2pupdate.su2
39cfa86b162bff461d056611f7ac7da0a141e0ca23217ecc2b368d3ed51d992b  i2pupdate.su3
af9ea00d89cedc2bb6489a0e02c3e1b85a2ca3553c757da4269b54a8ab26c6a7  i2pupdate.sud
```