---
title: "I2P 开发者会议 - 2006年3月21日"
date: 2006-03-21
author: "@jrandom"
description: "2006年3月21日的 I2P 开发会议记录。"
categories: ["meeting"]
---

## 快速回顾

<p class="attendees-inline"><strong>出席：</strong> ashter, Complication, jrandom, mihi, postman, tethra</p>

## 会议记录

<div class="irc-log"> 15:09 &lt;@jrandom&gt; 0) hi 15:09 &lt;@jrandom&gt; 1) Net status 15:09 &lt;@jrandom&gt; 2) jrobin 15:09 &lt;@jrandom&gt; 3) biff and toopie 15:09 &lt;@jrandom&gt; 4) new key 15:09 &lt;@jrandom&gt; 5) ??? 15:09 &lt;@jrandom&gt; 0) hi 15:09  * jrandom waves 15:09 &lt;@jrandom&gt; weekly status notes posted up at http://dev.i2p.net/pipermail/i2p/2006-March/001271.html 15:11 &lt;@jrandom&gt; lets jump briefly on in to 1) Net status 15:12 &lt;@jrandom&gt; we've been a while since a release, but things still seem fairly stable.  there are some improvements coming down the pipe though, and I hope to get us a new 0.6.1.13 this week 15:13 &lt;@jrandom&gt; anyone have any questions/comments/concerns regarding the status of the network? 15:13 &lt;+Complication&gt; About the periodism I noticed yesterday on a freshly started node: it desynchronized itself in a few hours 15:14 &lt;@jrandom&gt; ah cool 15:14 &lt;+Complication&gt; Meaning, the highs and lows became a lot more random 15:14 &lt;@jrandom&gt; I think it still may be worthwhile to jumpstart that at the beginning though 15:14 &lt;@jrandom&gt; (for those playing at home, we're talking about the implications of the 10m rebuild period) 15:15 &lt;+Complication&gt; Probably helps prevent tunnel failures 15:15 &lt;+Complication&gt; I'm still observing a healthy amount of those, but haven't counted 15:15 &lt;+tethra&gt; (thanks for the translation :) 15:15 &lt;+Complication&gt; Aside from that, working decently here 15:16 &lt;+Complication&gt; I think I get "as there are no inbound/outbound tunnels available" about once per 2 hours 15:17 &lt;@jrandom&gt; hmm, on an i2phex / i2psnark / eepproxy / ircproxy / eepsite destination? 15:17 &lt;@jrandom&gt; (its possible for clients to overload their own tunnels, which is why I ask which) 15:18 &lt;+Complication&gt; Checking if there's a trend 15:19 &lt;+Complication&gt; Bit of shared clients and Pycache, more of I2Phex 15:20 &lt;@jrandom&gt; hmm ok cool, thanks 15:20 &lt;+Complication&gt; Significantly more of I2Phex 15:20 &lt;+Complication&gt; Might have to limit its bandwidth 15:21 &lt;+Complication&gt; (was at default 16K) 15:23 &lt;@jrandom&gt; ok cool, anyone have anything else for 1) Net status? 15:25 &lt;@jrandom&gt; if not, lets shimmy on over to 2) JRobin 15:26 &lt;@jrandom&gt; jrobin is neat.  I like it.  it was dirt easy to integrate, fairly small (177KB), fast, has a low memory overhead, and provides visualizations that are easy to understand 15:27 &lt;+Complication&gt; Quite agreed :) 15:29 &lt;+Complication&gt; Convenient graphs, with high enough resolution, help find oddities and help ask about them :) 15:29 &lt;@jrandom&gt; if there are any rrdtool gurus out there, if you want to give the latest cvs a glance and see what we're doing and/or see if there are easier ways to accomplish these tasks, I'd love some advice 15:30 &lt;@jrandom&gt; (rrdtool &lt;--&gt;jrobin info @ http://www.jrobin.org/api/jrobinandrrdtoolcompared.html) 15:31 &lt;@jrandom&gt; (and, if someone wants, they could write a fairly small app to read netDb/routerInfo-*.dat, feed them into jrobin databases, and essentially run your own stats.i2p) 15:32 &lt;@jrandom&gt; the in-console jrobin integration is different from the stats.i2p functionality though, as it summarizes *your* router, not all routers.  both are useful 15:34 &lt;@jrandom&gt; ok, if there's nothing else on 2) JRobin, lets swing on over to 3) biff and toopie 15:34 &lt;@jrandom&gt; postman: wanna give us the rundown? 15:34 &lt;postman&gt; aah yes 15:35 &lt;postman&gt; years ago the mailservice had an irc bot called biff could notify you about new mails 15:35 &lt;+Complication&gt; Postman's AI foundry ;P 15:35 &lt;postman&gt; with the migration to a new platform biff became unusauble and i had no time to revamp it 15:35 &lt;postman&gt; now it's back online again 15:35 &lt;@jrandom&gt; (yay!) 15:36 &lt;postman&gt; if you wish to monitor your mailbox over irc just /msg biff .help for a list of commands 15:36 &lt;postman&gt; usage is straightforward 15:36 &lt;postman&gt; question/errors/rants/flames -&gt; postman@mail.i2p 15:36 &lt;postman&gt; 2. 15:37 &lt;postman&gt; in order to cope with the (hopefully) increasing stream of newbies jr, cervantes and me thougt of a Q&A bot that can be asked for helkp on the usual daily topics and problems 15:38 &lt;postman&gt; first draft is named toopie and will soon reside on #i2p (i2p-chat maybe too) 15:38 &lt;postman&gt; it will hold a list of topics, and Q&A sorted by topics and indexed by keywords 15:38 &lt;postman&gt; toopie can speak to the channel as well as privmsg with a user 15:38 &lt;+Complication&gt; Sounds neat, though I've never seen one before :) 15:39 &lt;postman&gt; we hope to fill its brain asap 15:39 &lt;postman&gt; Complication: you can play with it in #irc2p (in private if you wish :)) 15:39 &lt;@jrandom&gt; and one of the good parts about it is that we can fill it up with messages on irc :) 15:39 &lt;postman&gt; yes 15:40 &lt;postman&gt; admins can add some lines straight from irc and make it a new q&a 15:40  * tethra suggests an entry purely for the sake of TheJudge/closedshop to the effect of "No, predecessor attacks don't work." 15:40 &lt;+tethra&gt; ;) 15:40 &lt;postman&gt; hee 15:41 &lt;postman&gt; there is still room for the way of structuring the informationm 15:41 &lt;@jrandom&gt; (but they do.  though they're not a particular program you "run" to attack someone) 15:41 &lt;postman&gt; more to come soon 15:41  * postman hand back the mike 15:41 &lt;@jrandom&gt; word, thanks postman 15:42 &lt;ashter&gt; postman; will toopie speak in other langages too ? 15:42 &lt;postman&gt; ashter: not (yet) 15:42 &lt;+fox&gt; &lt;mihi&gt; igpay atinlay? *g* 15:42 &lt;ashter&gt; ok 15:42 &lt;postman&gt; ashter: the infrastructure is there ( /me planned this ) 15:42 &lt;@jrandom&gt; word 15:42 &lt;postman&gt; ashter: it will be a version 2 feature  15:42 &lt;ashter&gt; great, really nice thank you 15:44 &lt;postman&gt; (thejudge makes alone 50% of alle irc disconnects today) 15:45 &lt;postman&gt; jrandom: ok next topic 15:46 &lt;@jrandom&gt; ok cool, anyone have anything else on 3) biff and toopie? 15:46 &lt;@jrandom&gt; if not, lets swing on by to 4) new key 15:47 &lt;@jrandom&gt; well, there's not really anything to add to what I posted.  new key, yadda yadda 15:47 &lt;@jrandom&gt; ok, lets jump on over to 5) ??? 15:47 &lt;+tethra&gt; erm 15:47 &lt;@jrandom&gt; anyone have anything else to bring up? 15:48 &lt;+tethra&gt; how does biff know you are you? :/ 15:48 &lt;+fox&gt; &lt;mihi&gt; tethra: you have to register 15:48 &lt;+fox&gt; &lt;mihi&gt; just read what is referenced in the weekly notes :) 15:48 &lt;postman&gt; tethra: 1.) you know your mailboxes credentials, 2. you register with an identified nick@biff 15:48 &lt;+fox&gt; &lt;mihi&gt; yes :) 15:48 &lt;+fox&gt; &lt;mihi&gt; what is the point to have expiring keys when you could have expiring subkeys instead? 15:48 &lt;+tethra&gt; postman: ah, ok. thanks. 15:49 &lt;@jrandom&gt; mihi: to compartmentalize compromise. 15:50 &lt;+fox&gt; &lt;mihi&gt; you can delete expired secret subkeys from your keyring if you wish 15:51 &lt;+fox&gt; &lt;mihi&gt; but I guess it is much nicer to have ppl lsign your key every year :) 15:51 &lt;+fox&gt; &lt;mihi&gt; nicer in some sadistic point of view :-&gt; 15:51 &lt;postman&gt; jrandom: now, riddle mihi this :) 15:52 &lt;@jrandom&gt; (assuming only the subkey could be compromised) 15:54 &lt;@jrandom&gt; in any case, anyone have anything else to bring up for the meeting? 15:54 &lt;+fox&gt; &lt;mihi&gt; assume someone compromised your key yesterday. now he can have played a mitm and replaced the new key. 15:54 &lt;+fox&gt; &lt;mihi&gt; i.e. compromise one key -&gt; compromise all future keys, isn't it 15:55 &lt;+Complication&gt; Unless the owner uses a revocation certificate 15:55 &lt;+Complication&gt; invalidate compromised key -&gt; invalidate future ones 15:55 &lt;@jrandom&gt; mihi: and I could revoke the compromised key and tell you not to trust new keys 15:55 &lt;@jrandom&gt; you now have the choice whether to trust the key change or not 15:56 &lt;+fox&gt; &lt;mihi&gt; whom to believe then? :) 15:56 &lt;@jrandom&gt; good question.  if you hear a signed revocation in the next day or two, you should discard the new key 15:57 &lt;+fox&gt; &lt;mihi&gt; and if it was a subkey, you'd revoked the amin key and the subkey is automatically discarded :) 15:57 &lt;+fox&gt; &lt;mihi&gt; s/amin/main/ 15:58 &lt;+fox&gt; &lt;mihi&gt; agree to disagree? 15:58 &lt;@jrandom&gt; aye, that we can agree to ;) 15:58 &lt;@jrandom&gt; ok, if there's nothing else for the meeting... 15:58 &lt;+fox&gt; * mihi hands jrandom the *baf*er (after years, just like in good old times...) 16:00 &lt;@jrandom&gt; hehe 16:00  * jrandom winds up 16:00  * jrandom *baf*s the meeting closed </div>
