---
title: "0.8.2 Release"
date: 2010-12-22
author: "zzz"
description: "I2P version 0.8.2 released with bug fixes, theme updates, and proxy authorization support"
categories: ["release"]
---

The 0.8.2 release includes extensive bug fixes and theme updates in the router and in i2psnark. There are also optimizations to reduce memory usage in i2psnark. The HTTP and SOCKS proxies now support local and remote authorization. Upgrading is recommended.

I2P will be at 27C3 in Berlin the week of December 27th. Look for the I2P people there and ask for I2P stickers!

Please help grow the network. [Get involved](http://www.i2p2.de/getinvolved.html), spread the word, and [donate](http://www.i2p2.de/donate.html)! If you find a bug, please enter a report on [gitlab](http://i2pgit.org/i2p-hackers/i2p.i2p/issues). We are still looking for help on new and existing translations. Please volunteer on IRC #i2p.

Files are available on the [download page](/downloads/).

**Release details:**

## Bug Fixes

- Improve I2CP and I2PTunnel error propagation and logging for troubleshooting
- Clean up lots of error messages that weren't really errors
- Fix transport bug with message retries causing IllegalStateExceptions
- Fix bug causing UDP to use too much CPU

## Console

- Theme updates
- Home page update
- Convert GETs to POSTs for security
- ".jsp" suffixes no longer required in URLs
- Fix UDP rate display on Peers page
- Stats page improvements
- Improve time representation

## I2PSnark

- Theme updates, theme selection, new vanilla theme
- Reduction in memory and thread usage
- Convert GETs to POSTs for security
- Files now mode 600
- Lots of bug fixes

## Other

- Support reseeding via SSL
- Add SOCKS outproxy support
- Add username/password support for I2CP, HTTP and SOCKS proxies, and outproxies
- Rework of data structure classes in preparation for more caching
- Logging subsystem updates; router log now in local time
- API cleanup by marking more non-API classes package private
- Javadoc updates
- More work on the Debian build scripts by HungryHobo
- New advanced option i2p.insecureFiles=true to disable mode 600
- Save news and addressbook subscription last-fetched times across restarts, so they aren't always fetched right after router start
- Lots of translation updates

**SHA256 Checksums:**

```
    03caab1b746f42a4f2e6ab07cc4efd529e9c37f37793224424a83e7b5aa5ec68  i2pinstall_0.8.2.exe
    a5f3104e70f84bf81776a2f2940172de6efd06a9ec7a5662e7f01d694b651b98  i2psource_0.8.2.tar.bz2
    f2b90fe5926d371bcd4a36c6a317d739c9fcb0d548f24ba0b6173f85d45d809b  i2pupdate_0.8.2.zip
    b26ff143088864ec4dff399420f7d42d65cfec55a79915a58d2cddd4309601d9  i2pupdate.su2
    5d094c6f1c98b4d463852c288c8a90041165c3fc002414bd2c425bbe204ae865  i2pupdate.sud
```