---
title: "I2P Dev Meeting - March 06, 2016"
date: 2016-03-06
author: "zzz"
description: "I2P development meeting log for March 06, 2016."
categories: ["meeting"]
---

## Quick recap

<p class="attendees-inline"><strong>Present:</strong> EinMByte, sadie, str4d, z3r0fox, zzz</p>

## Meeting Log

<div class="irc-log"> &lt;zzz&gt; 1) VRP/H1/1119 &lt;zzz&gt; 2) 0.9.26 carryover &lt;zzz&gt; 3) Summer of X &lt;zzz&gt; 4) 27-29 deferred to next meeting &lt;zzz&gt; 0) hi &lt;zzz&gt; hi &lt;str4d&gt; hi &lt;zzz&gt; I'll explain 3) when we get there &lt;EinMByte&gt; Hi &lt;zzz&gt; 1) VRP/H1/1119 &lt;zzz&gt; http://trac.i2p2.i2p/ticket/1119 &lt;zzz&gt; has everybody had a chance to catch up and review this ticket? * str4d is about to post his comments &lt;zzz&gt; str4d overall thoughts? &lt;str4d&gt; Overall I think it is pretty good. I like the positive feedback we have had from people who do this kind of thing for a living :) &lt;zzz&gt; I think we're on the right track more or less &lt;zzz&gt; this ticket has been around for 2 years. you brought up H1 14  months ago. we've had anonimal's vrp process drafts since september &lt;zzz&gt; i think over that time, h1 has become pretty legit &lt;str4d&gt; I agree with zzz that the later points are overspecified, but I think the process and response sections (sections III and IV) are about the right level of specification &lt;zzz&gt; i have no remaining doubts about using h1 &lt;EinMByte&gt; Yes, although I've only followed the discussion from a distance, vuln. response should follow stricter procedures then now. H1 might be a good options for that. &lt;EinMByte&gt; s/options/option &lt;str4d&gt; I am also +1 on h1, for the reasons I have already outlined in the ticket. &lt;zzz&gt; str4d, you met katie of h1 a while back right? can you fill us in on that meeting? &lt;z3r0fox&gt; Hi &lt;str4d&gt; Yeah! I met her at Kiwicon 9 &lt;str4d&gt; I asked her about the tweet I posted, that arice responded to in the ticket &lt;str4d&gt; Turns out that arice actually emailed her a link to our ticket asking if his response was adequate, and she ended up reviewing the ticket on her phone while in another meeting :P &lt;str4d&gt; She also liked it :P &lt;zzz&gt; and what about the funded stuff and what tor's doing with them? &lt;str4d&gt; She mentioned that it was going to happen, and did indicate that we may be able to get in the same program &lt;zzz&gt; also, overall impressions of h1 the company after meeting katie? &lt;str4d&gt; I have yet to follow up on this, because 1) thesis, and 2) there is no point in going in any program if we don't then use h1 &lt;str4d&gt; zzz, very positive &lt;zzz&gt; anybody have any objections to using h1? &lt;str4d&gt; They appear to know their stuff, and Katie is certainly thriving there &lt;zzz&gt; can we flip the switch on h1 now to go live or what has to happen first? &lt;str4d&gt; If we go for h1, this is what I think needs to happen: &lt;str4d&gt; - We finish up the VRP and get it on the website &lt;str4d&gt; - We tidy up the copy text front page of the h1 page &lt;str4d&gt; (things like how we respond, what we consider in-scope etc.) &lt;zzz&gt; vrp must be before h1 live? &lt;str4d&gt; - We decide on the response team &lt;str4d&gt; - We move the sandbox into closed beta, where we have a few researchers invited &lt;str4d&gt; - Once we have had some time to get used to the platform, response volumes etc. we take it to open &lt;zzz&gt; you really think responses are going to start rolling in the day we flip the switch? &lt;str4d&gt; They could &lt;str4d&gt; Katie indicated to me there were a number of researchers who were very interested in helping open-source projects, if they could find them &lt;zzz&gt; can't imagine we need to have everything lined up. not like the researchers are going to start hacking on day one &lt;zzz&gt; especially if no money involved &lt;zzz&gt; closed beta means they have to let the in? &lt;str4d&gt; Yes &lt;str4d&gt; Essentially h1 invites maybe 10 researchers to be able to use our page &lt;EinMByte&gt; Do you have any idea who would be invited? &lt;zzz&gt; so putting the VRP and our response team aside for the moment, who's going to fix up our h1 page to get ready? str4d? &lt;str4d&gt; I don't recall the exact specifics &lt;str4d&gt; (whether we invite people ourselves through h1 or whether they find the researchers from the existing registered pool) &lt;str4d&gt; The idea is that then we don't get inundated with crappy tickets before getting used to how to respond to them &lt;str4d&gt; But IMHO it also helps us start to directly build relationships with a few researchers &lt;zzz&gt; do you have a sense of whether everybody is chasing after bounties on h1 or are the free ones getting a lot of reports too? &lt;EinMByte&gt; Sure, or at least with those that are using h1 &lt;str4d&gt; I don't personally have a sense of that &lt;EinMByte&gt; zzz: Is there a possibility of eventually oferring bounties? &lt;str4d&gt; But Katie indicated that there were definitely researchers who wanted to help FOSS projects if they could identify them &lt;zzz&gt; somebody is funding tor bounties now, so yes &lt;sadie&gt; I can help str4d on the h1 mainpage &lt;str4d&gt; thx sadie &lt;EinMByte&gt; I2P has reasonable savings, why not spend some of them on bounties &lt;zzz&gt; ok great, so sadie and str4d will work on getting the h1 side ready &lt;str4d&gt; EinMByte, yes we could go to bounties, but not initially IMHO &lt;zzz&gt; 1mb we certainly can if we want &lt;zzz&gt; anything else on h1 or can we move onto the vrp itself? &lt;EinMByte&gt; Let's see how it works out without bounties &lt;str4d&gt; And as mentioned above, there is now a program on h1 for funding bounties for FOSS projects &lt;z3r0fox&gt; Beta sounds like a good opportunity for team to develop public facing responses for if a really serious bug is publically disclosed &lt;str4d&gt; which we may be able to get into &lt;zzz&gt; last call for h1 &lt;zzz&gt; ok, lets look at the vrp itself in the ticket * str4d posts his comments &lt;zzz&gt; we're reviewing anonimal's draft from november &lt;zzz&gt; let's not go thru point by point though &lt;zzz&gt; overall impressions on the november draft and where we go from here? &lt;str4d&gt; &lt;str4d&gt; I agree with zzz that the later points are overspecified, but I think the process and response sections (sections III and IV) are about the right level of specification * zzz takes a minute to read str4d's comments &lt;zzz&gt; ok it seems like we are in general agreement that the november draft is a great start and we have rough agreements on the edits necessary &lt;zzz&gt; what I'd like to do is take the final stage of this from anonimal, that str4d and I will finish the edits and get it posted on the website, and round up a team &lt;str4d&gt; Sounds good &lt;zzz&gt; what do you guys think? &lt;str4d&gt; There are also the necessary tweaks now we are going for h1 instead of private Trac &lt;zzz&gt; any volunteers to help us work on the final version? &lt;zzz&gt; we don't want to get overly tool-specific (mtn, h1, etc) in the process. It should be high level enough to avoid most of that &lt;str4d&gt; True &lt;str4d&gt; And we will be iterating on it anyway &lt;zzz&gt; doesnt need to be perfect out of the gate &lt;str4d&gt; That is another reason for a private beta initially &lt;zzz&gt; ok str4d when are we going to have that done by? &lt;sadie&gt; vrp draft looks good &lt;zzz&gt; end of march? &lt;str4d&gt; sounds good &lt;zzz&gt; ok anything else on 1) ?? &lt;zzz&gt; moving on to 2) 0.9.26 revisited &lt;zzz&gt; any other comments? unfortunately I haven't updated the roadmap on the website yet &lt;zzz&gt; so i could hold up my notes to the camera &lt;zzz&gt; sorry i should have done the website. &lt;zzz&gt; I did get the last 3 meeting logs, including last thurs and fri., up on the website though &lt;zzz&gt; guess i will be doing that until kytv reappears &lt;zzz&gt; whenever our next meeting is, I will put .26 on the agenda to look at it then &lt;zzz&gt; anything else on 2) ? &lt;zzz&gt; ok moving on to 3) summer of x &lt;zzz&gt; str4d can you explain our idea please &lt;str4d&gt; The idea is that we focus development for three months on user- and developer-facing elements of I2P &lt;str4d&gt; ie. things that people might actually care about, rather than streaming tweaks ;P &lt;str4d&gt; And therefore things that are easier to do publicity on &lt;str4d&gt; The rough idea is: &lt;str4d&gt; - Summer of APIs: spend a month working on updating our libraries etc &lt;str4d&gt; - Summer of Apps: spend a month working on helping other projects use those libraries &lt;str4d&gt; - Summer of Plugins: spend a month working on our own apps and plugins &lt;zzz&gt; right, this is about growing the network through outreach and making apps (ours and other people's) better &lt;str4d&gt; Yep &lt;zzz&gt; my idea was, if we can get 5 more Vuze's, we'll be 5 times bigger &lt;EinMByte&gt; You might also want to add documentation to that &lt;str4d&gt; Plus there's the whole Summer of Code ethos that we can hook into online &lt;EinMByte&gt; no good API without decent documentation &lt;zzz&gt; a lot of times we see some project thinking about i2p but they dont know much and dont get any help &lt;str4d&gt; EinMByte, to the API parts, yes &lt;zzz&gt; agreed 1mb &lt;str4d&gt; ie. that would be on making our libraries and APIs as easy for devs to use as possible &lt;z3r0fox&gt; Sounds like a good campaign idea! Worth a shot &lt;str4d&gt; so e.g. updating txi2p, libsam etc. with SAMv3.3 &lt;EinMByte&gt; Supporting more languages? &lt;EinMByte&gt; More interfacing through existing libraries &lt;str4d&gt; Potentially, if we have the developers to help :) &lt;str4d&gt; EinMByte, yah &lt;zzz&gt; I'd like to sadie involved in this too with branding and outreach &lt;EinMByte&gt; I think str4d's work with twisted is great, would be nice to do more stuff like that &lt;str4d&gt; Fix the libtorrent support, try and get something into libp2p, etc. &lt;zzz&gt; summer of i2p, or i2p summer of fun, etc &lt;EinMByte&gt; i;e. do not write our own API from scratch but offer plugins for whatever framework people are using &lt;str4d&gt; EinMByte, exactly. &lt;zzz&gt; pushing sam 3.3, bringing all the various bridge libs up to date, documented, etc &lt;str4d&gt; Or if we do offer our own API, make it as simple as possible. That's what I like about libsam, it is two files that any project can bundle (or ideally, any existing library) &lt;zzz&gt; there's python and go and c and c++ and twisted and libtorrent and libsockets and and and... &lt;zzz&gt; we fix up other people's stuff and do pull requests to them &lt;EinMByte&gt; str4d: Agreed, APIs should be easy to bundle. It's a common problem for me &lt;str4d&gt; While that is ongoing, we can ask other projects if they want help getting I2P into their apps &lt;zzz&gt; why the heck doesn't libtorrent work? who can figure that out and get it fixed? &lt;zzz&gt; ^^ as an example &lt;str4d&gt; Then in the next phase of SoX, we then work on educating them and helping them use the newly-updated libraries and APIs &lt;EinMByte&gt; sounds good &lt;str4d&gt; It would be great to have buy-in with this from i2pd and kovri too, at least for the API part &lt;str4d&gt; since we want to end up with apps being able to use whatever I2P backend they want &lt;zzz&gt; i think we could get a lot of people excited here. I know psi is working on various libs &lt;zzz&gt; we need a list of all the messaging apps we want to target &lt;str4d&gt; And this is good for tying in with our existing outreach &lt;EinMByte&gt; If we get the right PR it might be a success &lt;EinMByte&gt; I want to create a simple C++ API for kovri, at some point &lt;zzz&gt; great 1mb &lt;EinMByte&gt; Then that API could be used from various programming languages. But this is a core API, not a client API (so use-case is somewhat different) &lt;EinMByte&gt; Pretty much it should allow any application to bundle the kovri core. &lt;zzz&gt; this would be a nice wholistic project to get everybody involved &lt;EinMByte&gt; Agreed &lt;str4d&gt; In my outreach todo list I have Tahoe-LAFS, IPFS, Tox, OpenBazaar, Zeronet... &lt;zzz&gt; ok how do we move forward with this &lt;zzz&gt; maybe sadie can give it  a cool name &lt;str4d&gt; We essentially have until the end of May to plan this &lt;str4d&gt; (while .25 and .26 are released) &lt;zzz&gt; so after .26 &lt;zzz&gt; lets put this on the april 4 meeting agenda &lt;EinMByte&gt; Ok. &lt;EinMByte&gt; PR would have to attend, though &lt;zzz&gt; june: APIs july: apps aug: plugins &lt;EinMByte&gt; (so I think that's sadie, now?) &lt;zzz&gt; also could wrap this around HOPE &lt;z3r0fox&gt; I don't know many of the details obviously yet, but I'm not a terrible tech writer if anyone wants to assign me some grunt work &lt;zzz&gt; ok let's ask sadie to flesh this out a little on april 4 &lt;sadie&gt; zzz - I can take care of graphics/ content with str4d for outreach &lt;zzz&gt; ok &lt;zzz&gt; anything else on summer of x? &lt;sadie&gt; also, I will at Hope with stickers .. &lt;str4d&gt; Nothing from me :) &lt;amnesia&gt; Call it something other than Summer of X so it doesn't sound either non-descript, or like porn? &lt;str4d&gt; amnesia, X is a placeholder &lt;str4d&gt; (until we think of something better) &lt;zzz&gt; ok. as I said at the top of the meeting, I'd like to defer discussion of 27-29 and the bigger roadmap and goals for 2nd half '16 &lt;amnesia&gt; Summer of Targetted Development? &lt;zzz&gt; do we like these roadmap-specific meetings or not? should we do this again? &lt;str4d&gt; amnesia, a little long IMHO &lt;str4d&gt; We will think of something for the April meeting &lt;zzz&gt; send your ideas for 'X' to sadie or post somewhere &lt;str4d&gt; zzz, I like them &lt;str4d&gt; And speaking of &lt;zzz&gt; do we want another roadmap mtg in march? &lt;sadie&gt; zzz , can we put something on forum where people can leave suggestions for the "summer of" name? &lt;zzz&gt; yes sadie &lt;str4d&gt; The other thing I wanted to bring up was the longer-term roadmapping &lt;EinMByte&gt; zzz: Yes. We need more long-term &lt;zzz&gt; we got our .25 release next weekend so that will keep us occupied &lt;zzz&gt; maybe about 2 weeks from now for another roadmap meeting &lt;EinMByte&gt; Unless we plan that for later, but at some point it will need discussion &lt;str4d&gt; Sounds good &lt;z3r0fox&gt; zzz: I think they're good. Keeps focus &lt;str4d&gt; I want to suggest something for people to mull over &lt;EinMByte&gt; zzz: sure &lt;zzz&gt; want to go back to a tuesday 8 PM or do it on the weekend? &lt;str4d&gt; In parallel with the SoX, I would like to have another two parallel streams of development work &lt;str4d&gt; - Crypto migration &lt;str4d&gt; - UI overhaul &lt;str4d&gt; The blocker on both of these is research and design, not implementatino &lt;EinMByte&gt; Does crypto migration include NTCP2? &lt;str4d&gt; Yes &lt;str4d&gt; So while we are doing SoX implementation stuff, we are also doing reviews of the various proposals etc. &lt;zzz&gt; how is saturday March 19th &lt;z3r0fox&gt; +1 Weekends &lt;zzz&gt; 8 PM UTC Saturday March 19 &lt;str4d&gt; With a goal of having a plan ready to implement either during or after SoX &lt;EinMByte&gt; March 19 seems good &lt;str4d&gt; Likewise with UI, we need to start planning design work on that ASAP, because it will take a long time &lt;sadie&gt; march 19th works for me &lt;zzz&gt; ok sox == summer of x, got it &lt;str4d&gt; Yes (until we change it :P ) &lt;str4d&gt; Design stuff can happen in parallel with everything else, and then implementation could happen after SoX &lt;str4d&gt; It would be *so* nice if we could have a new UI in place for CCC &lt;zzz&gt; ok I will get an agenda up on zzz.i2p, plus the notes, plus the logs from todays meeting on the website &lt;str4d&gt; Anyway, stuff to think about &lt;zzz&gt; anything else for today's meeting? * zzz grabs the baffer &lt;str4d&gt; We can discuss more at next roadmap &lt;sadie&gt; baff it &lt;str4d&gt; March 19 works for me :) * zzz *baffs* it &lt;zzz&gt; thanks everybody </div>
