---
title: "I2P Dev Meeting - September 06, 2016"
date: 2016-09-06
author: "zzz"
description: "I2P development meeting log for September 06, 2016."
categories: ["meeting"]
---

## Quick recap

<p class="attendees-inline"><strong>Present:</strong> echelon, EinMByte, orignal, psi, str4d, z3r0fox, zzz</p>

## Meeting Log

<div class="irc-log"> 21:00:01 &lt;zzz&gt; 0) Hi 21:00:01 &lt;zzz&gt; 1) 0.9.27 update (zzz) 21:00:01 &lt;zzz&gt; 2) Summer of X update (sadie/str4d) 21:00:01 &lt;zzz&gt; 3) 33C3 Budget http://zzz.i2p/topics/2150 21:00:01 &lt;zzz&gt; 4) SAM on by default (str4d) 21:00:06 &lt;zzz&gt; 0) Hi 21:00:12 &lt;zzz&gt; hi 21:00:13 &lt;psi&gt; hi 21:00:24 &lt;eche|on&gt; welcome 21:00:33 &lt;z3r0fox_&gt; Hi 21:00:40 &lt;zzz&gt; 1) 0.9.27 update (zzz) 21:01:01 &lt;zzz&gt; ok, not much to report. only 6K lines of diff since 26 21:01:13 &lt;zzz&gt; at this point I'd say .27 will be maybe mid-october? 21:01:41 &lt;zzz&gt; earlier in the summer I was doing summer of x stuff, lately I've been taking a break... but I don't see much activity from anybody else either 21:02:03 &lt;zzz&gt; anything else on 1) ? 21:02:19 &lt;eche|on&gt; not much on summer of X 21:03:25 &lt;zzz&gt; 2) Summer of X update (sadie/str4d) 21:03:30 &lt;zzz&gt; sadie / str4d go 21:06:07 &lt;zzz&gt; hearing nothing, I'll put it on the agenda for next month 21:06:15 &lt;zzz&gt; 3) 33C3 Budget http://zzz.i2p/topics/2150 21:06:28 &lt;str4d&gt; IHi! 21:06:33 &lt;eche|on&gt; Awake 21:06:33 &lt;zzz&gt; eche|on, could you please give us a brief update on our finances? 21:06:45 &lt;str4d&gt; Sorry, was distracted by work briefly. Can address 2) at end of meeting 21:07:34 &lt;eche|on&gt; finances, ok, current sums: 37k , 510 BTC, 700 LTC and 1300 XMZ (round) 21:07:47 &lt;eche|on&gt; bts is around 540 and LTC around 3.5 21:08:00 &lt;zzz&gt; sounds like we are in pretty good shape 21:08:10 &lt;eche|on&gt; we spent roughly 4800 this year already 21:08:56 &lt;eche|on&gt; and 10 BTC (which I converted into ), so we got roughly 5k  this year 21:09:20 &lt;zzz&gt; for 33C3, I propose to do about the same as we did last year... we pay for all conf tickets. And for full project members we'll reimburse up to $1000 (or euro), or $1500 if people really need it 21:09:41 &lt;zzz&gt; for people running a service or two, I propose we pay for their conf ticket and up to $500 in travel 21:10:01 &lt;zzz&gt; what do you all think about that? 21:10:23 &lt;eche|on&gt; currently we have 5 people requesting money 21:10:25 &lt;str4d&gt; I think that seems fair. 21:11:04 &lt;str4d&gt; eche|on, assuming the above figures, what's the expected total expenditure? 21:11:13 &lt;zzz&gt; so around $4000-$5000, plus about $500 in tickets, I'd guess? 21:11:32 &lt;eche|on&gt; with these rules, we got around 4k  max 21:11:39 &lt;zzz&gt; plus a couple hundred for a dinner 21:11:57 &lt;zzz&gt; oh, also, anybody who did NOT email echelon and wants funding, speak up now! 21:11:58 &lt;eche|on&gt; 2 people with services, 2 with usual and 1 with special circumstances 21:12:07 &lt;eche|on&gt; ticket will be around 100 each 21:12:12 &lt;str4d&gt; Mmm. That keeps us inside our rough 10% spending target 21:13:03 &lt;eche|on&gt; a bit above, but still ok 21:13:21 &lt;zzz&gt; sounds like about 5200 or so. Let's set a budget of 6000 euros? 21:13:46 &lt;eche|on&gt; last times some did receive their request in BTC, which made it quite easy for me^^ 21:14:12 &lt;zzz&gt; yeah, anybody who agrees to get paid in BTC, thats better 21:14:21 &lt;eche|on&gt; sounds legit 21:14:48 &lt;eche|on&gt; dinner we may got to same place like last year or maybe a bit above, we will see 21:15:02 &lt;zzz&gt; I want to emphasize that we want to see everybody there. While we're trying to use our money wisely, we also would hate for anybody to not show up because they can't afford it. 21:15:09 &lt;eche|on&gt; some sweets and other stuff for the event itself, 6k is ok 21:15:10 &lt;str4d&gt; I'm certainly happy to be reimbursed in BTC 21:15:48 &lt;zzz&gt; anything else on 3) ? 21:16:15 &lt;eche|on&gt; not on my side, I will reply all emails tomorrow and will later on buy the tickets 21:16:18 &lt;eche|on&gt; oh, tickets: 21:16:36 &lt;eche|on&gt; if ANYbody in here from I2P did not request funding, but wants a ticket, send me a mail! 21:16:37 &lt;str4d&gt; Anyone looking to share accommodation, ping me :) 21:16:56 &lt;str4d&gt; eche|on, you're planning to buy the tickets for all team members? 21:17:03 &lt;eche|on&gt; yes 21:17:07 &lt;zzz&gt; yeah. Ech will buy the tickets. Do not buy your own 21:17:10 &lt;eche|on&gt; to get rid of the issues we had last year 21:17:12 &lt;str4d&gt; Thanks :) 21:17:34 &lt;str4d&gt; Also, am I correct that it generally starts about 11am local? 21:17:56 &lt;zzz&gt; oh, while we are on 3), I want to thank eche|on for all he does, including keeping the finances up to date. We'd be broke without you! 21:18:02 &lt;str4d&gt; I've been trying to figure out whether I can manage a flight that arrives on the 27th 21:18:02 &lt;eche|on&gt; oh, we did met mostly 11am/12am in place and styed until 1,2 am 21:18:05 &lt;eche|on&gt; but some talks ends at 3 am 21:18:10 &lt;zzz&gt; ok, lets not discuss logistics here 21:18:17 &lt;zzz&gt; anything else on 3) ? 21:18:19 &lt;str4d&gt; (otherwise I have to leave the evening of the 25th) 21:18:34 &lt;str4d&gt; eche|on, mmk, thanks. And yes, big thanks for keeping us floating! :D 21:18:55 &lt;zzz&gt; 4) SAM on by default (str4d) 21:18:59 &lt;zzz&gt; str4d go 21:19:08 &lt;eche|on&gt; thanks to all the donors (just got a donation with the line "do not spent all money on useless designers" 21:19:39 &lt;str4d&gt; Okay 21:20:29 &lt;str4d&gt; I'm thinking that with the rise of apps using the SAM API, we should consider whether we enable it by default, and if we do then how we should do so 21:20:51 &lt;str4d&gt; Similar to how Tor enables their control port by default, so apps can generally assume it is available 21:21:07 &lt;eche|on&gt; I think SAM ist quite stable and not a reason for a router to breakdown easy 21:21:19 &lt;eche|on&gt; I vote for yes, enable by default 21:21:25 &lt;zzz&gt; is there anybody complaining? 21:21:37 &lt;EinMByte&gt; Seems like a reasonable idea to me 21:21:55 &lt;EinMByte&gt; Only issue that I can see is conflicting ports 21:22:07 &lt;str4d&gt; Mmm 21:23:08 &lt;eche|on&gt; I do not see that issue on new installs 21:23:10 &lt;zzz&gt; the usual way to do it would be to change clients.config, which would only affect new installs. Anything else would be... harder 21:23:12 &lt;eche|on&gt; as it is all localhost 21:23:27 &lt;str4d&gt; I know Tor has been mulling over the security of having their control port open always 21:23:29 &lt;eche|on&gt; I would NOT enable it on old installs 21:23:36 &lt;EinMByte&gt; eche|on: I mean, there could be another service (non-I2P related) using the same port 21:23:43 &lt;str4d&gt; And they do encourage people to use the Unix socket mode instead 21:23:50 &lt;str4d&gt; (with local cookie authentication) 21:23:58 &lt;zzz&gt; I don't think apps can ever 'assume it is available', they will always need proper error handling and user messaging for it 21:24:01 &lt;eche|on&gt; EinMByte: sure, but thats localhost, and thats should be warned 21:24:08 &lt;str4d&gt; But that's not as much of a concern for us, because anything that can connect to SAM can only control its own tunnels 21:24:33 &lt;str4d&gt; (unless they can guess the session name of another clients' tunnels) 21:24:36 &lt;EinMByte&gt; eche|on: Ok, so if port taken don't enable SAM and warn? 21:24:41 &lt;eche|on&gt; EinMByte: thats the logical way of doing it^^ 21:24:42 &lt;str4d&gt; zzz, sure, apps can't assume 21:24:48 &lt;str4d&gt; The reason for it is usability 21:24:58 &lt;str4d&gt; So the "simple option" is "start I2P; use app" 21:25:06 &lt;zzz&gt; so after years and years of it being disabled, enabling it now may not make much difference 21:25:16 &lt;str4d&gt; The current option is "start I2P; find page to enable SAM; enable SAM; use app" 21:25:33 &lt;zzz&gt; fyi I split up /configclients, that will be in .27 21:25:36 &lt;eche|on&gt; In my POV: most i2p routers do have SAM enabled yet already 21:25:39 &lt;eche|on&gt; if not&gt;90% 21:25:41 &lt;str4d&gt; My main motivator is reduction of friction 21:25:48 &lt;str4d&gt; for new users 21:25:54 &lt;str4d&gt; so I agree this would only be for new installs 21:26:19 &lt;EinMByte&gt; That sounds OK. 21:26:27 &lt;zzz&gt; btw, I have yet to see evidence of your 'rise of apps using SAM' 21:26:30 &lt;str4d&gt; eche|on, yeah, Tor has a similar port-conflict issue with Orbot on some Samsung phones 21:26:46 &lt;psi&gt; sam should be default on so that people don't have to turn it on 21:26:50 &lt;EinMByte&gt; zzz: Maybe this is exactly what is needed ;) 21:26:51 &lt;zzz&gt; but I'm not opposed to the proposal either 21:26:53 &lt;zzz&gt; heh 21:27:05 &lt;str4d&gt; zzz, Tahoe-LAFS is about to launch with native I2P support 21:27:19 &lt;EinMByte&gt; Remind me what the default SAM port is? 21:27:21 &lt;zzz&gt; ok, sounds like we have a consensus? 21:27:32 &lt;str4d&gt; 7656 21:27:52 &lt;zzz&gt; anything else on 4) ? 21:28:36 &lt;EinMByte&gt; str4d: Ok, can't think of any common things using that 21:29:09 &lt;zzz&gt; 2) Summer of X update (sadie/str4d) 21:29:14 &lt;zzz&gt; sadie / str4d go 21:29:35 &lt;str4d&gt; Okay! 21:29:45 &lt;str4d&gt; I2P Summer Dev was IMHO a success 21:30:06 &lt;str4d&gt; We didn't get any new contributors (at least that I saw) 21:30:42 &lt;str4d&gt; (there were a few at one of the early meetings who we should have followed up on perhaps...) 21:30:45 &lt;eche|on&gt; we got a new buildbot 21:30:52 &lt;zzz&gt; I didn't see the promised August blog post... might we get a September one? 21:30:54 &lt;str4d&gt; But we made excellent progress on a number of user- and dev-facing fronts 21:30:56 &lt;str4d&gt; As I mentioned above, the next Tahoe-LAFS release will feature native I2P support via my txi2p library 21:31:13 &lt;str4d&gt; zzz, yeah, I didn't get time to do it. I'll be writing a roundup post this weekend 21:31:20 &lt;zzz&gt; great 21:31:47 &lt;str4d&gt; I have my Zeronet work locally that I wanted to feature in the August post, but unfortunately we couldn't get i2p.socket working with gevent properly... 21:32:05 &lt;str4d&gt; But I think I'll just make a PR with it this weekend, and we'll see how things go 21:32:33 &lt;zzz&gt; tahoe is what, 5 years at least since we entered the tickets on their site. zooko does not move quickly 21:33:05 &lt;eche|on&gt; at least it is now done 21:33:21 &lt;str4d&gt; So as far as dev usability goes, we've made good progress on i2p.socket and txi2p, and with the SAM API being enabled by default, there should be less friction for adding I2P to Python apps 21:33:25 &lt;eche|on&gt; now we need parallel up/downloads, or tahoe-lafs will crawl on 21:33:55 &lt;eche|on&gt; btw, a user asked me fe min ago about python dev work in I2P 21:34:04 &lt;str4d&gt; We did some outreach with potential new apps, but we need more work there 21:34:28 &lt;str4d&gt; (IPFS and OpenBazaar in particular are both keen but progress there isn't going forwards currently) 21:34:49 &lt;EinMByte&gt; BTW, apologies from me; I had said earlier I'd try to do something for summer of X, but it came to early for kovri 21:34:53 &lt;zzz&gt; the thing that's still in desperate shape after summer of x is Bote. No release in forever, and about 40 (!) trac tickets, including the classpath one I think is a blocker for .27 ... Do you have any intention on working on bote again or should we write it off? 21:35:30 &lt;str4d&gt; zzz, I do plan to, and I did work on it 21:35:38 &lt;eche|on&gt; someone should do bote. it is more important than syndie or i2phex 21:36:05 &lt;zzz&gt; I gotta know if we have to change the deb packaging to fix bote, or if it's something else that's wrong, or we don't care 21:36:32 &lt;zzz&gt; September of Bote? 21:37:22 &lt;str4d&gt; In August I spent some time migrating it to Gradle, meaning that I will be able to merge the android and plugin codebases 21:37:22 &lt;str4d&gt; This will remove a lot of the friction I have wrt developing on Bote 21:37:22 &lt;str4d&gt; All that's missing is integrating the existing plugin scripts 21:37:22 &lt;str4d&gt; (or rewriting them in Gradle)( 21:37:39 &lt;str4d&gt; Unfortunately work deadlines got in the way of that in August 21:37:54 &lt;zzz&gt; ok 21:37:59 &lt;zzz&gt; anything else on 2) ? 21:38:07 &lt;str4d&gt; I'll spend time on Bote this weekend 21:38:30 &lt;zzz&gt; anything else for the meeting? 21:39:02 &lt;zzz&gt; may I propose moving back to 8 PM UTC for October? 21:39:46 &lt;str4d&gt; and try to figure out a fix for the Debian issue 21:39:55 &lt;zzz&gt; any objections to 8 PM? 21:40:03 &lt;str4d&gt; But it's definitely Debian-only 21:40:24 &lt;zzz&gt; ok, I haven't even seen confirmation that it's deb-only, so that's progress 21:40:46 &lt;str4d&gt; Nothing else, other than good work everyone who worked on Summer Dev stuff! 21:40:46 &lt;str4d&gt; I look forward to next year ;) 21:40:49 &lt;zzz&gt; I've proposed a fix or at least a test in the ticket, but haven't heard anything 21:40:49 &lt;eche|on&gt; for me OK so far 21:41:22 &lt;zzz&gt; ok I got more ppl complaining about 9 than 8, so let's go back to 8. summer's over anyway 21:41:29 * zzz grabs the baffer 21:41:29 &lt;str4d&gt; I'm okay for 8PM in October, as I'll be in the US 21:41:31 &lt;str4d&gt; (And actually November too, since that would be the 1st( 21:42:37 &lt;eche|on&gt; ok, time to go to bed 21:42:41 &lt;eche|on&gt; cya 21:42:44 * zzz ***bafs*** the meeting closed </div>
