---
title: "I2P Dev Meeting - June 07, 2016"
date: 2016-06-07
author: "zzz"
description: "I2P development meeting log for June 07, 2016."
categories: ["meeting"]
---

## Quick recap

<p class="attendees-inline"><strong>Present:</strong> eche|on, plzcdv, psi, str4d, zzz</p>

## Meeting Log

<div class="irc-log"> 20:00:31 &lt;zzz&gt; 0) Hi 20:00:31 &lt;zzz&gt; 1) 0.9.26 release plan (zzz) 20:00:31 &lt;zzz&gt; 2) HOPE planning update (zzz) http://zzz.i2p/topics/1968 20:00:31 &lt;zzz&gt; 3) 0.9.27 plan (zzz) 20:00:31 &lt;zzz&gt; 4) Summer of X (sadie) 20:00:35 &lt;zzz&gt; 0) Hi 20:00:37 &lt;zzz&gt; Hi 20:01:16 &lt;zzz&gt; 1) 0.9.26 release plan (zzz) 20:01:46 &lt;zzz&gt; ok, got the .26 release built yesterday, got the launchpad stuff done, and we flipped the switch for in-net updates an hour ago 20:01:56 &lt;zzz&gt; only thing left is debian which I plan to do tomorrow 20:02:27 &lt;zzz&gt; remember that in-net updates will not get the new jbigi files, as we were concerned about the lack of testing 20:02:40 &lt;zzz&gt; so keep an eye out for bug reports from deb users and new installs 20:02:45 &lt;zzz&gt; anything else on 1) ? 20:03:14 &lt;zzz&gt; 2) HOPE planning update (zzz) http://zzz.i2p/topics/1968 20:03:39 &lt;str4d&gt; Hi! 20:03:45 &lt;zzz&gt; HOPE is 6 weeks from friday. We are paying for the $150 conference tickets in arrears (after the event) 20:04:11 &lt;zzz&gt; we aren't paying for travel, but if anybody really really couldn't make it without some help, speak up 20:04:32 &lt;zzz&gt; there will not be a dev meeting before or after as I was unable to get a commitment from lance 20:04:53 &lt;zzz&gt; really looking forward to seeing the gang in new york 20:05:02 &lt;zzz&gt; anything else on 2) ? 20:05:25 &lt;zzz&gt; 3) 0.9.27 plan (zzz) 20:06:00 &lt;zzz&gt; lets wait for the netsplit 20:06:06 &lt;plzcdv&gt; Hi. 20:07:47 &lt;zzz&gt; ok, did you all on that side see all of 2) re: hope? 20:08:35 &lt;str4d&gt; Hi again! 20:08:35 &lt;eche|on&gt; jo 20:08:39 &lt;str4d&gt; Nope 20:08:43 &lt;str4d&gt; Last I saw was your Hi 20:08:53 &lt;zzz&gt; good grief. I'm on 3) 20:08:57 &lt;str4d&gt; (and the 1) ) 20:09:02 &lt;zzz&gt; let me copy/paste 1 and 2 20:09:16 &lt;zzz&gt; &lt;zzz&gt; 1) 0.9.26 release plan (zzz) 20:09:16 &lt;zzz&gt; &lt;zzz&gt; ok, got the .26 release built yesterday, got the launchpad stuff done, and we flipped the switch for in-net updates an hour ago 20:09:16 &lt;zzz&gt; &lt;zzz&gt; only thing left is debian which I plan to do tomorrow 20:09:16 &lt;zzz&gt; &lt;zzz&gt; remember that in-net updates will not get the new jbigi files, as we were concerned about the lack of testing 20:09:16 &lt;zzz&gt; &lt;zzz&gt; so keep an eye out for bug reports from deb users and new installs 20:09:31 &lt;zzz&gt; &lt;zzz&gt; 2) HOPE planning update (zzz) http://zzz.i2p/topics/1968 20:09:44 &lt;zzz&gt; &lt;zzz&gt; HOPE is 6 weeks from friday. We are paying for the $150 conference tickets in arrears (after the event) 20:09:44 &lt;zzz&gt; &lt;zzz&gt; we aren't paying for travel, but if anybody really really couldn't make it without some help, speak up 20:09:44 &lt;zzz&gt; &lt;zzz&gt; there will not be a dev meeting before or after as I was unable to get a commitment from lance 20:09:44 &lt;zzz&gt; &lt;zzz&gt; really looking forward to seeing the gang in new york 20:09:44 &lt;zzz&gt; &lt;zzz&gt; anything else on 2) ? 20:10:03 &lt;zzz&gt; or on 1) ? 20:10:43 &lt;str4d&gt; Nothing I can think of on 1) 20:11:09 &lt;str4d&gt; On 2), I still hope to attend, but still don't have a ticket because I still don't have a defence data and thus don't know if I will even be in the US by then. 20:11:27 &lt;str4d&gt; date* 20:11:43 &lt;zzz&gt; ok, if anybody is on the fence, please get a ticket, it's a fun time 20:11:51 &lt;zzz&gt; 3) 0.9.27 plan (zzz) 20:12:34 &lt;zzz&gt; lots of tough stuff on the roadmap here - crypto migration for servers, mac stuff, and work on ipv6 and ntcp2 20:13:07 &lt;zzz&gt; nobody's looked at ntcp2 in a year or so and I've gotten zero comments on the ipv6 peer testing. so need some help 20:13:39 &lt;zzz&gt; also, how fast we go on .27 depends on how much time I spend on summer of x. I have it penciled in for late august. 20:13:46 &lt;zzz&gt; anything else on 3) ? 20:13:46 &lt;eche|on&gt; I could test it, but... 20:14:01 &lt;str4d&gt; I'll push those further up my I2P todo list 20:15:09 &lt;zzz&gt; 4) Summer of X (sadie) 20:15:24 &lt;zzz&gt; what's the plan for our northern hemisphere summer? 20:15:31 &lt;str4d&gt; I might also have intermediate UI stuff to prop 20:15:49 &lt;str4d&gt; sadie is running late because work (nightmare client) 20:15:55 &lt;str4d&gt; So I'll cover :) 20:16:10 &lt;str4d&gt; I hope everyone here has seen the launch blog post :D 20:16:43 &lt;str4d&gt; That basically is just laying out what had already been discussed. 20:17:09 &lt;str4d&gt; So: 20:17:16 &lt;str4d&gt; 4a) APIs 20:17:17 &lt;str4d&gt; 4b) Apps 20:17:22 &lt;str4d&gt; 4c) Plugins 20:17:29 &lt;str4d&gt; 4d) Branding 20:17:33 &lt;str4d&gt; 4a) 20:18:13 &lt;str4d&gt; This month is the push to improve our APIs. We have already made good progress for this in the 0.9.26 release 20:18:39 &lt;str4d&gt; The next thing that will happen is I will upload our JARs to Maven Central, so that Java devs can more easily use them 20:18:53 &lt;str4d&gt; (and update the I2P Android client library appropriately) 20:19:15 &lt;str4d&gt; For the remainder of this month, I have a laundry list of suggestions: 20:19:33 &lt;zzz&gt; you mention "our C++ and python libraries" but do we even have any that we maintain? who will be doing this work and on what specific libs? 20:19:41 &lt;str4d&gt; - Update SAM libraries to v3.3 20:19:50 &lt;str4d&gt; zzz, this ^ 20:19:56 &lt;zzz&gt; I just told a guy here an hour ago that those aren't ours, they are 3rd parties 20:20:10 &lt;str4d&gt;   - txi2p (Python Twisted, I will be doing this) 20:20:32 &lt;zzz&gt; where are the sam libs? 20:20:41 &lt;zzz&gt; or, rather, which 20:21:25 &lt;str4d&gt;   - libsam3 (C, both sync and async, on git.repo.i2p) 20:21:49 &lt;zzz&gt; ok. psi also has one in go 20:21:53 &lt;str4d&gt;   -   - i2psam (C++, https://github.com/VirtualDestructor/bitcoin-qt-i2p/tree/master/i2psam) 20:22:16 &lt;str4d&gt; See http://i2p-projekt.i2p/docs/api/samv3 for others 20:22:33 &lt;zzz&gt; I think I'll mostly just get a head start on apps, other than standing by to answer questions 20:22:35 &lt;zzz&gt; sounds good 20:22:45 &lt;str4d&gt; I'd like to see at least the Python Twisted and C++ libraries updated 20:22:56 &lt;str4d&gt; (for my own ends next month&gt;:D ) 20:23:06 &lt;str4d&gt; Other suggestions for this month: 20:23:11 &lt;str4d&gt; - get libtorrent working properly 20:23:34 &lt;zzz&gt; ooh yeah libtorrent++\ 20:23:36 &lt;str4d&gt; - Enable SAM API by default in Java I2P (for .27 now) 20:23:54 &lt;str4d&gt; - Get my lighttpd I2P patch upstream (requires updating libsam3 at least) 20:24:21 &lt;zzz&gt; i entered ticket #1804 to split up /configclients 20:24:25 &lt;zzz&gt; i can do that 20:24:28 &lt;str4d&gt; Okay, do we have volunteers for any of these suggestions? 20:25:34 &lt;plzcdv&gt; I am shy, but I am here. 20:25:48 &lt;str4d&gt; zzz, Mmm, that would be a good step forward both on my ui stuff and for the Plugins month 20:26:17 &lt;zzz&gt; ok. might give you merge conficts though, beware 20:26:29 &lt;str4d&gt; zzz, It would be good for that to happen either in my ui branch or based off it to reduce merge conflicts 20:26:29 &lt;str4d&gt; plzcdv, hi! 20:27:14 &lt;str4d&gt; dg, hottuna3, psi, any thoughts on above? 20:27:34 &lt;zzz&gt; hearing no volunteers, lets move on to 4b 20:28:29 &lt;plzcdv&gt; I did not knew there was a libtorrent.  20:28:29 &lt;str4d&gt; plzcdv, it's used in a number of applications, but none of them (that I know of) expose the I2P functionality (probably because it is broken) 20:28:54 &lt;plzcdv&gt; Libtorrent (or something similar) looks like a fundamental thing. 20:29:04 &lt;plzcdv&gt; Communication is all about sharing information. 20:29:17 &lt;str4d&gt; I have three weekends left this month to work on I2P. One of those will be on txi2p, and I'll put myself down for working on i2psam in another. 20:30:13 &lt;str4d&gt; everyone else, if you have any ideas, or desire to work on any of the others, feel free to do so 20:30:33 &lt;zzz&gt; what's sadie's PR plan for all this? 20:30:38 &lt;str4d&gt; I'll be getting some publicity up some point this week that we can use for PR to maybe get additional help 20:30:38 &lt;str4d&gt; 4b) Apps 20:30:40 &lt;plzcdv&gt; I would like to work on libtorrent or something similar to it. 20:30:54 &lt;str4d&gt; zzz, will cover in 4d) 20:31:02 &lt;zzz&gt; ok 20:31:09 &lt;str4d&gt; plzcdv, by all means! 20:32:20 &lt;str4d&gt; If you were able to update libtorrent so its I2P support worked, that would be very much appreciated :D 20:32:45 &lt;zzz&gt; for apps, I plan to do snark standalone (building off of the good work by psi), syndie, and i2phex. Maybe orchid too. 20:33:00 &lt;str4d&gt; plzcdv, we can discuss after the meeting :) 20:33:13 &lt;zzz&gt; oops, orchid is plugins. 20:33:24 &lt;str4d&gt; zzz, I was thinking of that all under plugins 20:33:28 &lt;zzz&gt; anyway, the first 3 before hope. 20:33:45 &lt;str4d&gt; But fine to get a head start 20:34:01 &lt;zzz&gt; ok, then I'm working ahead, unless there's some app to work on. I guess snark counts. 20:34:23 &lt;str4d&gt; What I see the Apps month about is outreach to other developers who want to integrate I2P into their applications 20:34:25 &lt;str4d&gt; So: 20:34:26 &lt;str4d&gt; - Tahoe-LAFS 20:34:29 &lt;str4d&gt; - Zeronet 20:34:41 &lt;str4d&gt; - OpenBazaar (via IPFS, which they are shifting to) 20:34:51 &lt;zzz&gt; ok so that's mainly pr and outreach, until somebody bites 20:35:06 &lt;str4d&gt; - Whonix (someone just emailed me today) 20:35:11 &lt;str4d&gt; zzz, not just PR 20:35:23 &lt;str4d&gt; I will be going and contributing code 20:35:53 &lt;str4d&gt; Tahoe in particular, I already know the relevant bits of their codebase (having worked with them on this earlier on) 20:36:07 &lt;str4d&gt; That's why I want to get txi2p up-to-date this month 20:36:16 &lt;str4d&gt; Another one: Zcash 20:36:22 &lt;zzz&gt; ok 20:38:52 &lt;str4d&gt; Another place I know the codebase, I'm thinking of looking at the bitcoin-qt-i2p patches above and seeing how applicable they would be. 20:39:09 &lt;str4d&gt; The concrete deliverables I want for the Apps month is to have either written code or contributed to design discussions that helps other devs with their I2P integration, ideally leveraging the work we are doing now 20:39:09 &lt;str4d&gt; Other ideas for Apps month: 20:39:09 &lt;str4d&gt; - Vuze 20:39:09 &lt;str4d&gt; - Lightning Browser (on Android, I'll update their use of the I2P client library) 20:39:09 &lt;str4d&gt; - Projects using libtorrent! 20:39:39 &lt;str4d&gt; I'll be starting to approach some of these this month, and I encourage others to do the same If anyone has any other ideas for projects, let me know. 20:40:10 &lt;str4d&gt; (some of these projects) 20:41:51 &lt;str4d&gt; 4c) Plugins 20:41:51 &lt;str4d&gt; This is where I saw us giving some love to existing apps and plugins that we develop and maintain :) 20:41:51 &lt;str4d&gt; So: 20:41:51 &lt;str4d&gt; - Bote 20:41:51 &lt;str4d&gt; - Snark 20:41:51 &lt;str4d&gt; - Orchid 20:41:51 &lt;str4d&gt; - Et. al 20:41:51 &lt;str4d&gt; Having said that, there is no reason why they can't be worked on sooner if someone doesn't have something else they can work on 20:42:12 &lt;str4d&gt; Or worked on later if e.g. contributing to one of the apps next month is going well 20:44:51 &lt;str4d&gt; The three months are mainly for PR, not for project management :) 20:44:51 &lt;str4d&gt; (although it will certainly help me keep my own time planned out!) 20:44:51 &lt;str4d&gt; We can discuss 4c) more at next month's meeting. For now, I encourage more people here to think about 4b), and start working on 4a) :D 20:44:51 &lt;str4d&gt; 4d) Branding (and PR) 20:44:51 &lt;str4d&gt; Currently the PR strategy for I2P Summer Dev focuses around blog posts and Twitter 20:44:51 &lt;str4d&gt; I'll be writing regular updates for the blog about what we are doing. 20:44:51 &lt;str4d&gt; Rough plan: 20:44:51 &lt;str4d&gt; - Launch post (done) 20:45:30 &lt;str4d&gt; - APIs (will write in next few days, to publicise the Maven Central work and the list of other suggestions for this month) 20:46:02 &lt;str4d&gt; - Apps (publicise list of projects we will be working with, as well as other suggestions, and a summary of how we did in APIs month) 20:46:11 &lt;str4d&gt; - Plugins (similar layout as Apps post) 20:46:19 &lt;str4d&gt; - Closing post 20:46:54 &lt;str4d&gt; So the remaining posts should be about a month apart, maybe with smaller updates in between as we see fit 20:47:19 &lt;str4d&gt; Meanwhile on Twitter, anything we post related to this work should have the hashtag #I2PSummer 20:47:38 &lt;str4d&gt; (these blog posts, comments about what API or app you're working on, etc...) 20:47:50 &lt;psi&gt; re: go i implement net.* for i2p in go 20:48:10 &lt;str4d&gt; psi, woo! 20:48:28 &lt;psi&gt; net.Dial net.Listener net.PacketConn net.Conn net.Addr etc 20:48:36 * psi scrolls up 20:48:56 &lt;str4d&gt; With respect to branding, I had an idea three days before launch that it would be great to have some kind of logo for I2P Summer Dev (preferably one we can reuse in future years) 20:48:58 &lt;psi&gt; ++ sam default plz 20:49:12 &lt;str4d&gt; And then I saw Elio Qoshi launch a startup for open source design a day later 20:50:00 &lt;zzz&gt; anything else on 4) ? 20:50:09 &lt;str4d&gt; So: I've approached him about designing us a logo for I2P Summer Dev (on its own, and with text for use on banners, t-shirts etc), targeting end of this month for delivery 20:50:47 &lt;str4d&gt; I've stated a budget of $200, because that was what I was comfortable paying for myself if the project didn't think this was a good use of funds. 20:50:55 &lt;str4d&gt; So: is this a good use of funds? 20:51:25 &lt;psi&gt; are we staffed for summer of $i2pthing ? 20:51:41 &lt;zzz&gt; it's not a good use of funds unless we plan to do something with it 20:51:47 &lt;str4d&gt; (sadie is also approaching a designer she knows, and Elio's startup promises 100% money-back guarantee if we don't like the designs, so it's overall low-risk IMHO) 20:52:26 &lt;str4d&gt; zzz, the plan is for the branding to be used on the GetI2P Twitter account (avatar + banner), used on relevant blog posts on the website (and on the homepage in some way), etc. 20:52:29 &lt;zzz&gt; so unless we have concrete plans to use it _fast_, it's going to be money down the drain 20:52:36 &lt;str4d&gt; Possibly t-shirts (sadie is looking into cost) 20:52:54 &lt;str4d&gt; zzz, that's why I want end of this month deliverable, so we get two months to use it 20:53:09 &lt;str4d&gt; And then we have it for future use 20:53:16 * psi lag 20:53:41 &lt;str4d&gt; As I said in the launch post, I'm keen to give swag to new contributors. Currently that is stickers, it might be t-shirts 20:54:04 &lt;str4d&gt; psi, we aren't currently fully-staffed for I2P Summer Dev, there are a bunch of ideas that are looking for devs :) 20:54:14 &lt;zzz&gt; please get approval from echelon before spending any money 20:55:03 &lt;psi&gt; okay 20:55:09 &lt;str4d&gt; I contacted eche|on when I first had the idea, but I wanted to get confirmation in a meeting :) 20:56:02 &lt;psi&gt; re: summer of $i2pthing i think my i2p net.* could fit into ipfs's libp2p relatively easily but bootstrapping into ipfs's dev process is intimidating 20:56:04 &lt;zzz&gt; so you already have approval from him, or you just told him you're thinking about it? 20:56:22 &lt;psi&gt; rather my go library for i2p 20:56:41 &lt;str4d&gt; zzz, I told him what I was thinking and my proposed budget, and said I'd be bringing it up in the meeting 20:56:50 &lt;zzz&gt; I want to avoid the problem we had with the stickers, where hottuna only vaguely discussed it with eche, then presented a $600 bill 20:56:57 &lt;str4d&gt; If all I need is eche's approval, then I'll go get it and be on my way :D 20:57:22 &lt;psi&gt; depending on if i land this next job interview i may or may not have loads of free time 20:57:43 &lt;str4d&gt; zzz, will be 20:57:51 &lt;str4d&gt; (avoiding that problem) 20:58:06 &lt;str4d&gt; psi, is libpnp in Go? 20:58:07 &lt;zzz&gt; $200 isn't much, but that doesn't get us much either. T-shirts is more and a lot more work if you're going to get them to NYC for HOPE 20:58:16 &lt;psi&gt; libp2p is in go and js 20:58:26 &lt;str4d&gt; mmk 20:58:32 &lt;zzz&gt; anything else on 4) ? 20:58:33 &lt;str4d&gt; Is OpenBazaar in Go too then? 20:58:35 &lt;psi&gt; rather, it's ipfs's network abstraction layer 20:58:38 &lt;psi&gt; it's an api 20:58:49 &lt;psi&gt; openbazaar is py2 20:58:49 &lt;str4d&gt; zzz, that's just for the logo. T-shirts would be a separate budget 20:58:53 &lt;psi&gt; using twisted 20:59:02 &lt;str4d&gt; And yes, sadie is looking at t-shirts in time for HOPE 20:59:02 &lt;psi&gt; (iirc) 20:59:17 &lt;str4d&gt; psi, but they've said they are shifting to IPFS... odd 20:59:34 &lt;zzz&gt; last call for 4) 20:59:37 &lt;str4d&gt; Either way, if you have time this month to update your SAM libraries to 3.3, that would be fantastic :) 20:59:48 &lt;str4d&gt; Okay okay, that's me done :P 20:59:55 &lt;psi&gt; yes sam 3.3 will be implemented for sure 20:59:57 &lt;str4d&gt; (on 4)) 21:00:08 &lt;zzz&gt; would be nice to get i2pd side updated to 3.3 also 21:00:16 &lt;zzz&gt; anything else for the meeting? 21:00:25 * zzz finds the baffer 21:00:28 &lt;str4d&gt; Oh, I'm thinking of moving the SAM libs under the i2p project on GitHub 21:00:38 &lt;str4d&gt; And yes, I have 5) reschedule next meeting 21:00:50 &lt;zzz&gt; ok 5) go str4d 21:01:09 &lt;str4d&gt; I figure it would be nice to have some of the obscure ones (looking at libsam3 and i2psam here) more visible 21:01:11 &lt;psi&gt; which sam libs specifically? 21:01:22 &lt;psi&gt; remember mixing licenses is bad 21:01:22 &lt;str4d&gt; txi2p is probably fine left where it is though, since it already has a lot of linkage 21:01:32 &lt;str4d&gt; psi, it won't be in i2p.i2p repo 21:01:37 &lt;zzz&gt; let's defer the rest of libs stuff to after the meeting 21:01:39 &lt;psi&gt; oh  21:01:42 &lt;zzz&gt; ok 5) go str4d 21:01:54 &lt;psi&gt; kk 21:01:54 &lt;str4d&gt; I'd just be hosting the existing git repos 21:01:57 &lt;str4d&gt; 5) reschedule 21:02:13 &lt;str4d&gt; I have difficulty making this meeting time at the moment because it is early 21:02:21 &lt;str4d&gt; sadie has difficulty making it because it's in work hours 21:02:46 &lt;str4d&gt; I'd like to propose we shift the meeting time an hour later, which solves both problems. 21:03:16 &lt;str4d&gt; (for the rest of the summer at least, we can shift it back when we get to daylight savings changes again if we want) 21:03:18 &lt;zzz&gt; would you please clear it with the europeans, as they're the ones that would be most affected 21:03:58 &lt;str4d&gt; That's eche|on, and...? 21:03:59 &lt;zzz&gt; whatever you can work out with them is fine with me. That's what I said in the last meeting, or maybe the one before. 21:04:10 &lt;zzz&gt; primarily ech 21:04:24 &lt;str4d&gt; mmk 21:04:33 &lt;str4d&gt; I'll ask him same time as sorting out budgets 21:04:53 &lt;str4d&gt; If he's okay with it, then probably easiest just to summarily change the time and wait for complaints :P 21:05:02 &lt;zzz&gt; let's try it for next month and see how it goes, but yes, nice to ask him first 21:05:07 &lt;zzz&gt; anything else on 5) ? 21:05:14 &lt;str4d&gt; That's it for me! 21:05:17 &lt;zzz&gt; anything else for the meeting? 21:05:45 &lt;str4d&gt; Happy Summer Dev everyone! Let's Make I2P inteGrate Again! 21:05:49 * zzz ***bafs*** the meeting closed </div>
