---
title: "I2P Dev Meeting - October 04, 2016"
date: 2016-10-04
author: "zzz"
description: "I2P development meeting log for October 04, 2016."
categories: ["meeting"]
---

## Quick recap

<p class="attendees-inline"><strong>Present:</strong> echelon, EinMByte, MXPLRS\|Kirill, obscuratus, str4d, zzz</p>

## Meeting Log

<div class="irc-log"> 20:00:04 &lt;zzz&gt; 0) Hi 20:00:04 &lt;zzz&gt; 1) 0.9.27 update (zzz) 20:00:08 &lt;zzz&gt; 0) Hi 20:00:09 &lt;zzz&gt; hi 20:00:24 &lt;i2pr&gt; [Slack/str4d] Hi 20:00:30 &lt;eche|on&gt; hi 20:00:42 &lt;i2pr&gt; [Slack/str4d] Plane lands in 20 mins, so I'll probably only be available for 5-10 mins 20:00:51 &lt;EinMByte&gt; Hi 20:01:10 &lt;zzz&gt; 1) 0.9.27 update (zzz) 20:01:11 &lt;i2pr&gt; [Slack/str4d] (so prioritise anything that needs my attention) 20:01:44 &lt;zzz&gt; ok after a record 4+ months I'm pulling the trigger on the 27 release, checkin deadline in 10 days, release week of the 17th 20:02:04 &lt;i2pr&gt; [Slack/str4d] :+1: 20:02:12 &lt;zzz&gt; not anything big in there but need to keep things moving 20:02:26 &lt;zzz&gt; I'll be looking at the ipv6 tickets one more time in the next week, trying to fix more stuff 20:02:39 &lt;zzz&gt; anything that needs testing please check in asap 20:02:50 &lt;zzz&gt; anything else on 1) ? 20:03:06 &lt;i2pr&gt; [Slack/str4d] I'll make time this weekend for fixing the Bote issue 20:03:17 &lt;EinMByte&gt; Does it include IPv6 peer testing? 20:03:29 &lt;i2pr&gt; [Slack/str4d] (since the Zcash beta 2 release will be out of the way, which I was managing) 20:03:46 &lt;zzz&gt; yes peer testing was checked in a couple months ago, not clear how well it works, we'll find out after the release 20:04:02 &lt;MXPLRS|Kirill_&gt; zzz, changelog? 20:04:12 &lt;EinMByte&gt; Ok 20:04:43 &lt;zzz&gt; MXPLRS|Kirill_, I haven't updated the release summary post on zzz.i2p for a while, but you can always look at the history.txt file on github 20:04:59 &lt;MXPLRS|Kirill_&gt; zzz, ok 20:05:02 &lt;zzz&gt; I'll be updating the zzz.i2p post in then ext few days 20:05:21 &lt;zzz&gt; I'll be pushing tags to tx today or tomorrow 20:05:29 &lt;zzz&gt; anything else on 1) ? 20:05:51 &lt;obscuratus&gt; Is there anything specific you want me to test of my test bed? 20:06:16 &lt;zzz&gt; not really, I appreciate your ipv6 testing so far 20:06:23 &lt;obscuratus&gt; If so, just pass it along as you think of things. 20:06:38 &lt;zzz&gt; ok 20:06:41 &lt;zzz&gt; anything else on 1) ? 20:07:02 &lt;i2pr&gt; [Slack/str4d] Not from me 20:07:05 &lt;zzz&gt; anything else for the meeting? 20:07:46 &lt;EinMByte&gt; Just want to mention that I've updated the NTCP2 proposal 20:08:08 &lt;EinMByte&gt; (both in the zzz.i2p topic and on gist.github.com) 20:08:10 &lt;i2pr&gt; [Slack/str4d] Gotta put my laptop away now o/ 20:08:10 &lt;zzz&gt; great, good work 20:08:21 &lt;zzz&gt; I think we're making good progress 20:08:44 &lt;zzz&gt; anything else for the meeting? 20:09:08 * zzz grabs the baffer 20:09:12 &lt;EinMByte&gt; Authentication modes are still incomplete, so that's where we need most work IMHO 20:09:24 &lt;EinMByte&gt; Nothing else for the meeting, I think 20:09:43 &lt;zzz&gt; looking forward to reviewing the new draft 20:10:01 * zzz *bafffffffs* the meeting closed </div>
