---
title: "I2P Dev Meeting - December 06, 2016"
date: 2016-12-06
author: "zzz"
description: "I2P development meeting log for December 06, 2016."
categories: ["meeting"]
---

## Quick recap

<p class="attendees-inline"><strong>Present:</strong> echelon, manas, orignal, zzz</p>

## Meeting Log

<div class="irc-log"> 20:00:02 &lt;zzz&gt; 0) Hi 20:00:02 &lt;zzz&gt; 1) 33C3 planning 20:00:02 &lt;zzz&gt; 2) 0.9.28 update (zzz) 20:00:02 &lt;zzz&gt; 3) Tails maintainer (zzz) http://zzz.i2p/topics/2108 20:00:07 &lt;zzz&gt; 0) Hi 20:00:09 &lt;zzz&gt; hi 20:00:16 &lt;i2pr&gt; [Slack/manas] Hello :slightly_smiling_face: 20:00:44 &lt;zzz&gt; 1) 33C3 planning 20:00:54 &lt;orignal_&gt; hi 20:01:08 &lt;zzz&gt; ok, 3 weeks from today, anything we need to discuss? 20:01:38 &lt;eche|on&gt; I am reachable via twitter at least 20:01:49 &lt;eche|on&gt; I am in hamburg from 26th december on  20:01:53 &lt;zzz&gt; I assume we'll have our twitter DM group set up a couple days in advance 20:01:58 &lt;eche|on&gt; Ill bring along the banner and laptop and stickers 20:02:10 &lt;i2pr&gt; [Slack/manas] I will be arriving in Hamburg on the afternoon of 26th Dec 20:02:11 &lt;zzz&gt; I'll bring stickers also. 20:02:21 &lt;zzz&gt; don't forget your power strip 20:02:39 &lt;eche|on&gt; the tickets are all payed and Ill manage them to hand out to the folks 20:02:45 &lt;zzz&gt; usual story, those there on the 26th reserve a table 20:02:45 &lt;eche|on&gt; ok 20:02:57 &lt;i2pr&gt; [Slack/manas] Any tips/suggestions for people going to CCC for the first time? 20:02:57 &lt;eche|on&gt; yeah 20:03:12 &lt;zzz&gt; fluffypony + 1 on the monero side 20:03:29 &lt;eche|on&gt; manas: be there, suck all in, prepare your systems to be under fire 24/7, get a big HD, get some money, expect the unexpected^^ 20:03:30 &lt;zzz&gt; general tips you can get after the meeting 20:03:35 &lt;i2pr&gt; [Slack/manas] :smile: 20:03:41 &lt;zzz&gt; anything else on 1) ? 20:04:48 &lt;zzz&gt; 2) 0.9.28 update 20:04:55 &lt;eche|on&gt; just: lets hope for a good 33c3 20:05:19 &lt;zzz&gt; 0.9.28 on schedule, checkin and translation deadline is friday, should get the release out early next week 20:05:35 &lt;zzz&gt; please help review the diff this weekend 20:05:57 &lt;orignal_&gt; anything new I should be aware about? 20:06:09 &lt;orignal_&gt; I mean 0.9.28 20:06:09 &lt;eche|on&gt; ok, Ill be here until 19th december for doing stuff, and from 20th on somehour/day online 20:06:22 &lt;zzz&gt; i don't think so orignal_  20:06:28 &lt;zzz&gt; anything else on 2) ? 20:06:53 &lt;orignal_&gt; thanks 20:07:34 &lt;zzz&gt; 3) Tails maintainer 20:07:49 &lt;zzz&gt; we're in bad shape on tails. 3 maintainers have vanished this year 20:08:23 &lt;zzz&gt; a portion of the tails devs want i2p to be removed from tails, due to lack of attention to tickets over several years, and lack of stable maintenance 20:08:47 &lt;zzz&gt; sadie sent out a tweet this morning, and got one response 20:09:26 &lt;zzz&gt; we may need a big PR push from sadie... or maybe this new volunteer will work out 20:09:36 &lt;zzz&gt; anybody want to volunteer, anybody have any ideas? 20:10:34 &lt;zzz&gt; ok, I'll respond to the twitter volunteer and see how it goes 20:10:41 &lt;zzz&gt; anything else on 3) ? 20:11:34 &lt;zzz&gt; anything else for the meeting ? 20:11:35 &lt;i2pr&gt; [Slack/manas] I'd like to help out but I would need to do lots of reading up and learning as I'm not familiar with this. 20:11:46 &lt;i2pr&gt; [Slack/manas] I have the threads pulled up, will read 20:12:01 &lt;zzz&gt; i2p, tails, and debian package experience is required 20:12:08 &lt;i2pr&gt; [Slack/manas] My reseed's SSL certs may be expired or close to expiring, I will make sure those are updated 20:12:19 &lt;orignal_&gt; I2P should do more PR than now 20:12:54 &lt;zzz&gt; orignal_, I agree, please pass any ideas you have to sadie and str4d 20:12:56 &lt;i2pr&gt; [Slack/manas] letskencrypt (now called acme-client) has been going through a number of changes but it has stabilized now. I can automate updates of the SSL certs for the reseeds. 20:13:09 &lt;i2pr&gt; [Slack/manas] So reseeds may go down temporarily but they will return :slightly_smiling_face: 20:13:18 &lt;zzz&gt; manas, for any reseed issues, please work with backup@mail.i2p 20:13:24 &lt;zzz&gt; anything else for the meeting ? 20:13:28 &lt;i2pr&gt; [Slack/manas] Sure 20:14:44 &lt;zzz&gt; no meeting 1st week of january. We will have in-person meetings at CCC. Watch this channel for details, meetings may be scheduled on short notice 20:15:10 &lt;zzz&gt; a list of possible meetings is on a zzz.i2p thread, speak up there to add subjects or to ask to join remotely 20:15:23 * zzz **bafs** the meeting closed </div>
