---
title: "I2P Dev Meeting - November 07, 2017"
date: 2017-11-07
author: "zzz"
description: "I2P development meeting log for November 07, 2017."
categories: ["meeting"]
---

## Quick recap

<p class="attendees-inline"><strong>Present:</strong> orignal, zlatinb, zzz</p>

## Meeting Log

<div class="irc-log"> 20:00:03 &lt;zzz&gt; 0) Hi 20:00:03 &lt;zzz&gt; 1) 0.9.32 update (zzz) 20:00:03 &lt;zzz&gt; 2) 34C3 planning (zzz) 20:00:06 &lt;zzz&gt; 0) Hi 20:00:08 &lt;zzz&gt; hi 20:00:27 &lt;zlatinb&gt; hi 20:00:39 &lt;zzz&gt; 1) 0.9.32 update (zzz) 20:01:02 &lt;zzz&gt; built it last night, looks like echelon just flipped the news on 20:01:20 &lt;zzz&gt; I'll get to debian/launchpad tonight or tomorrow 20:01:41 &lt;zzz&gt; str4d, when can we expect android and maven? 20:02:22 &lt;zzz&gt; also, we'll need str4d or meeh to get the files to the website, lmk when you do that 20:02:54 &lt;zzz&gt; I've set the 0.9.33 date for late January 20:02:59 &lt;zzz&gt; anything else on 1) ? 20:03:54 &lt;orignal_&gt; hi 20:04:05 &lt;zzz&gt; 2) 34C3 planning (zzz) 20:04:20 &lt;zzz&gt; we're all set on tickets, we'll have about 8 people there 20:04:48 &lt;zzz&gt; they announced the new way assemblies will be set up. hottuna2 usually signs us up, will you do that this year? 20:05:43 &lt;zzz&gt; ok, we'll have to followup with hottuna2 to make sure we get a reserved table 20:05:47 &lt;zzz&gt; anything else on 2) ? 20:05:57 &lt;zlatinb&gt; I might just show up and meet you for drinks outside 20:05:57 &lt;zlatinb&gt; unless I'm lucky and get a ticket 20:07:09 &lt;zzz&gt; we did have extra tickets, they may have expired though. ask echelon 20:07:12 &lt;zzz&gt; anything else on 2) ? 20:07:31 &lt;zzz&gt; anything else for the meeting? 20:09:00 * zzz *baffs* the meeting closed </div>
