---
title: "I2P Dev Meeting - February 07, 2017"
date: 2017-02-07
author: "zzz"
description: "I2P development meeting log for February 07, 2017."
categories: ["meeting"]
---

## Quick recap

<p class="attendees-inline"><strong>Present:</strong> echelon, EinMbyte, manas, psi, str4d, zzz</p>

## Meeting Log

<div class="irc-log"> 20:00:00 &lt;zzz&gt; 0) Hi 20:00:00 &lt;zzz&gt; 1) 33C3 follow-up 20:00:00 &lt;zzz&gt; 2) 0.9.29 update (zzz) 20:00:00 &lt;zzz&gt; 3) Tails maintainer (zzz) http://zzz.i2p/topics/2108 20:00:00 &lt;zzz&gt; 4) NTCP2 draft (Manas) 20:00:00 &lt;zzz&gt; 5) Reseed documentation patch (Manas) 20:00:04 &lt;zzz&gt; 0) Hi 20:00:05 &lt;zzz&gt; hi 20:00:21 &lt;zzz&gt; 1) 33C3 follow-up 20:00:32 &lt;eche|off&gt; hi 20:00:50 &lt;zzz&gt; anybody have anything they'd like to say about 33c3? I'd say the traffic to our table was less than previous years 20:01:07 &lt;zzz&gt; thanks to manas for doing some writeups over on zzz.i2p 20:01:09 &lt;psi&gt; ohay 20:01:15 &lt;eche|off&gt; yeah, was less, but still ok 20:01:21 &lt;zzz&gt; we'll cover tails in 3) 20:01:32 &lt;zzz&gt; let's hope for a new city this year 20:01:54 &lt;zzz&gt; anything else on 1) ? 20:02:25 &lt;i2pr&gt; [Slack/str4d] Hi 20:02:26 &lt;i2pr&gt; [Slack/str4d] I can't comment on that, but I really enjoyed it! 20:02:28 &lt;manas&gt; Hey! 20:02:38 &lt;zzz&gt; ok, moving on 20:02:43 &lt;zzz&gt; 2) 0.9.29 update (zzz) 20:02:51 &lt;i2pr&gt; [Slack/str4d] I had a good time with Yolgie in Linz and Vienna; should be a good connection moving forward 20:03:17 &lt;zzz&gt; I've set the checkin deadline for 2 1/2 weeks from now, friday 2/24, release about 2/27 20:03:21 &lt;zzz&gt; mostly bug fixes 20:03:30 &lt;eche|off&gt; uh, time to get something done, ok 20:03:40 &lt;zzz&gt; I'm also (still) planning to enforce sigs over at stats.i2p registration very soon 20:04:04 &lt;manas&gt; Enforce sigs? 20:04:12 &lt;zzz&gt; str4ds console rework was pushed to .30, so that would be a mid-Feb prop deadline 20:04:17 &lt;zzz&gt; *mid-march 20:04:32 &lt;manas&gt; So more verification steps when registering a host name? 20:04:42 &lt;zzz&gt; manas, basically proofs that you control the domain you're registering 20:05:10 &lt;manas&gt; Hm ok 20:05:15 &lt;zzz&gt; I fixed a bunch of bugs over the weekend, knocking out trac tickets, going to try for a few more in next week or two 20:05:38 &lt;zzz&gt; so the tag freeze and tx push will be in about 8 days 20:06:07 &lt;zzz&gt; i figured out how to do man page translations, so everybody go do your thing over on transifex for that 20:06:13 &lt;zzz&gt; anything else on 2) ? 20:06:16 &lt;i2pr&gt; [Slack/str4d] Woo 20:06:19 &lt;i2pr&gt; [Slack/str4d] If there's anything useful for me to work on for .29, let me know. Otherwise I'll continue on the .ui branch. 20:06:20 &lt;eche|off&gt; done that already^^ 20:06:37 &lt;eche|off&gt; I will do the cert on my reseed...  20:06:45 &lt;manas&gt; I'm continuing to work on the Hindi translations :) 20:07:04 &lt;zzz&gt; yeah str4d there's definitely some things that need work before you prop or the pitchforks will come out 20:07:14 &lt;zzz&gt; ok great 20:07:29 &lt;zzz&gt; 3) Tails maintainer (zzz) http://zzz.i2p/topics/2108 20:07:40 &lt;i2pr&gt; [Slack/str4d] I've got a bunch of changes locally that I'm tidying up before pushing 20:08:07 &lt;zzz&gt; we met a guy 'yolgie' at ccc who said he'd do it. pinged him in early jan, he said he'd start in feb. pinged him a few days ago,no response yet 20:08:26 &lt;zzz&gt; we're about to get evicted from tails, so anybody that can help would be great 20:08:45 &lt;psi&gt; i am ready to go with tails whenever, i have finally got building tails down 20:08:51 &lt;i2pr&gt; [Slack/str4d] What's the timescale on that? 20:08:57 &lt;manas&gt; psi: nice! 20:09:50 &lt;zzz&gt; see the zzz.i2p thread for a link to a tails ticket that has the schedule for our evition 20:09:55 &lt;zzz&gt; *eviction 20:11:15 &lt;zzz&gt; theres a bunch of old tickets and a bunch of haters and so it's all just about over 20:11:20 &lt;zzz&gt; anything else on 3) ? 20:11:44 &lt;eche|off&gt; I hope it will be fine 20:11:55 &lt;zzz&gt; 4) NTCP2 draft (Manas) 20:12:00 &lt;zzz&gt; manas what do you have for us? 20:12:24 &lt;manas&gt; Draft has been prepared, it's posted up on zzz.i2p 20:12:40 &lt;manas&gt; I haven't heard any comments as of today 20:12:51 &lt;zzz&gt; so it's a consolidation of the old proposal and EinMByte's complete rewrite? 20:13:07 &lt;manas&gt; I think I included the important bits, but I would need someone who knows this topic better to review. 20:13:14 &lt;eche|off&gt; some folks asking when it is done, but nothing more.. 20:13:30 &lt;manas&gt; zzz: Yes 20:13:47 * psi starts reading ntcp proposal 20:13:53 &lt;zzz&gt; this is progress, albeit small. I still consider the whole thing completely stalled, won't happen until people start participating 20:14:00 &lt;manas&gt; zzz: I did not include the parts from the old proposal which were outdated 20:14:22 &lt;zzz&gt; ok I'll give it a couple more days, if there are no comments in the zzz.i2p thread I'll just check it into the website? 20:14:59 &lt;manas&gt; zzz: There are a few minor edits I can make (style) at the very end 20:15:09 &lt;zzz&gt; ok great. anything else on 4) ? 20:15:16 &lt;manas&gt; From  tuna's recent post 20:15:38 &lt;manas&gt; But that's all 20:15:41 &lt;zzz&gt; 5) Reseed documentation patch (Manas) 20:15:46 &lt;zzz&gt; manas what do you have for us? 20:16:04 &lt;manas&gt; Heard from backup 20:16:08 &lt;manas&gt; His comments are here: http://zzz.i2p/topics/2210-reseed-webpage-updates 20:16:27 &lt;manas&gt; Will be making another patch after I include his suggestions 20:16:46 &lt;eche|off&gt; great 20:16:48 &lt;manas&gt; He has suggested removing a number of parts (old reseed methods) 20:16:56 &lt;manas&gt; As well as removing support for lighttpd 20:17:06 &lt;eche|off&gt; I still do use the old methods, but thats fine 20:17:09 &lt;manas&gt; I don't know who if anyone is using lighttpd to run reseeds 20:17:26 &lt;zzz&gt; this is great work. backup owns the page but refuses to create html patches for his changes, and I refuse to be the html editor, so we've been stuck for a year. Thanks for moving us forward. 20:17:29 &lt;manas&gt; issue with not being able to set a certain HTTP header 20:17:55 &lt;manas&gt; :) 20:18:10 &lt;zzz&gt; manas for this one, when you're done, add a note in the zzz.i2p thread and I'll check it in 20:18:44 &lt;manas&gt; If anyone has comments on backup's proposed changes please post it. If there are no comments within a week, I'll share the updated patch and inform zzz. 20:18:57 &lt;zzz&gt; anything else on 5) ? 20:18:59 &lt;manas&gt; zzz: sure 20:19:16 &lt;manas&gt; Not on my end 20:20:03 &lt;zzz&gt; anything else for the meeting? 20:20:21 &lt;eche|off&gt; not from my side 20:20:28 &lt;EinMByte&gt; Am late, but about ntcp2 20:20:39 &lt;manas&gt; Hey EinMByte  20:20:40 &lt;zzz&gt; go ahead 20:21:00 &lt;EinMByte&gt; I can read through the latest draft 20:21:24 &lt;EinMByte&gt; Has a decision been made yet about which ciphers to support? 20:21:27 &lt;manas&gt; It's over here, by the way: http://pinkpaste.i2p/show/246/ 20:21:39 &lt;psi&gt; there it is 20:22:19 &lt;zzz&gt; basically we've made no progress since the 1MB draft, and manas has just now merged it with the previous proposal 20:22:28 &lt;zzz&gt; anything else for the meeting? 20:22:58 &lt;EinMByte&gt; Ok, will read the draft. Someone should contact Winter 20:23:04 &lt;EinMByte&gt; (probably me) 20:23:11 * zzz grabs the baffer 20:23:24 * zzz *bafs* the meeting closed </div>
