---
title: "I2P Dev Meeting - August 01, 2017"
date: 2017-08-01
author: "zzz"
description: "I2P development meeting log for August 01, 2017."
categories: ["meeting"]
---

## Quick recap

<p class="attendees-inline"><strong>Present:</strong> dg, echelon, lazygravy, manas, str4d, zzz</p>

## Meeting Log

<div class="irc-log"> 20:01:06 &lt;zzz&gt; 0) Hi 20:01:06 &lt;zzz&gt; 1) 0.9.31/32 update (zzz) 20:01:07 &lt;zzz&gt; 2) 34C3 budget planning (zzz/echelon) 20:01:09 &lt;zzz&gt; 0) Hi 20:01:11 &lt;zzz&gt; Hi 20:01:17 &lt;manas&gt; hello 20:01:28 &lt;zzz&gt; 1) 0.9.31/32 update (zzz) 20:01:48 &lt;zzz&gt; after some delay, we are now in code review for .31, with a deadline sunday the 6th 20:02:11 &lt;zzz&gt; expect an in-net update release on the 7th, with packages etc. to follow 20:02:29 &lt;zzz&gt; that puts the .32 release in early to mid October 20:03:01 &lt;zzz&gt; there's a lot of UI changes, everybody please test and review if you can 20:03:07 &lt;zzz&gt; anything else on 1) ? 20:03:50 &lt;dg&gt; only thing is: wondering which version we're gonna get into Debian 20:04:00 &lt;dg&gt; I don't know if it's premature to be thinking about 'stable releases' yet or not. 20:04:14 &lt;manas&gt; I have been testing, looks good :) 20:04:29 &lt;zzz&gt; I'm trying to connect with mhatta to ask those questions, as he hasn't given us any insight to his plans yet 20:04:41 &lt;zzz&gt; anything else on 1) ? 20:04:55 &lt;lazygravy&gt; dg: next debian stable release is in 2 years - there is time 20:05:06 &lt;i2pr&gt; [Slack/str4d] Note that we have a long window before reaching that 20:05:10 &lt;i2pr&gt; [Slack/str4d] because Stretch just landed 20:05:34 &lt;dg&gt; lazygravy: fair enough, but wanted to see if anyone had a plan or if we should think about any sort of structure change to release process 20:05:34 &lt;dg&gt; nothing else from me 20:06:07 &lt;zzz&gt; 2) 34C3 budget planning (zzz/echelon) 20:06:28 &lt;zzz&gt; what I want to do here today is agree on a per-person funding level. If needed we can review the totals at a future meeting 20:06:54 &lt;zzz&gt; on zzz.i2p I've proposed an increase from last year, to 500 euros for reseeders, 1500 for full contributors, 2000 for special circumstances 20:07:04 &lt;zzz&gt; comments? 20:07:21 &lt;eche|on&gt; OK for me 20:07:47 &lt;eche|on&gt; btw: http://echelon.i2p/donations/index.html updated 20:07:55 &lt;i2pr&gt; [Slack/str4d] That seems reasonable to me 20:07:56 &lt;manas&gt; Lag, sorry. That seems good 20:08:09 &lt;zzz&gt; eche|on, would you like ppl to email their requests to you, and if so, by what date? 20:08:40 &lt;eche|on&gt; email please, in time to the event, do we want to discuss in here or can I do it on my own ? 20:09:07 &lt;zzz&gt; at the latest we need it before congress ticket time 20:09:31 &lt;eche|on&gt; yes 20:09:43 &lt;eche|on&gt; to see how many tickets. so lets say end of oct 20:10:09 &lt;zzz&gt; I suggest people email you sooner, though, especially if they don't know how much they will get, or have special circumstances, or need to know before they buy plane tickets 20:10:15 &lt;manas&gt; ok I will send an email 20:10:38 &lt;eche|on&gt; ok, so say end of sept 20:10:45 &lt;eche|on&gt; 2 month time to think about it is fine 20:10:57 &lt;zzz&gt; in your emails, ask for a specific amount, and again, it's reimbursement for actual ticket costs, it's not a stipend 20:11:21 &lt;zzz&gt; ok, so we will put the total budget on the october meeting agenda 20:11:39 &lt;manas&gt; Does the amount include ticket cost 20:11:52 &lt;zzz&gt; no, we will buy or reimburse congress tickets separately 20:12:06 &lt;eche|on&gt; ok, great 20:12:09 &lt;manas&gt; ok 20:12:27 &lt;zzz&gt; anything else on 2) ? 20:13:26 &lt;zzz&gt; anything else for the meeting? 20:15:00 * zzz *bafs* the meeting closed </div>
