---
title: "I2P Dev Meeting - October 03, 2017"
date: 2017-10-03
author: "zzz"
description: "I2P development meeting log for October 03, 2017."
categories: ["meeting"]
---

## Quick recap

<p class="attendees-inline"><strong>Present:</strong> echelon, orignal, str4d, villain, zzz</p>

## Meeting Log

<div class="irc-log"> 18:30:00 &lt;zzz&gt; 0) Hi 18:30:00 &lt;zzz&gt; 1) 0.9.31 Android update (str4d) 18:30:00 &lt;zzz&gt; 2) 0.9.32 update (zzz) 18:30:00 &lt;zzz&gt; 3) 34C3 budget (zzz/echelon) 18:30:00 &lt;zzz&gt; 4) Debian package update (zzz) 18:30:00 &lt;zzz&gt; 5) 10 years after jrandom (zzz) 18:30:06 &lt;zzz&gt; 0) Hi 18:30:09 &lt;zzz&gt; hi 18:30:26 &lt;eche|on&gt; hi 18:30:27 &lt;i2pr&gt; [Slack/str4d] Hi 18:30:49 &lt;zzz&gt; 1) 0.9.31 Android update (str4d) 18:31:05 &lt;zzz&gt; str4d, what's the status on .31, d/l page still shows .30 18:32:37 &lt;i2pr&gt; [Slack/str4d] No progress unfortunately, was affected by my phone issues and then flat hunting/obtaining 18:33:19 &lt;zzz&gt; I have .31 on my phone, is it just a question of bumping the version on the website? what's left to do? 18:34:13 &lt;i2pr&gt; [Slack/str4d] Oh wait 18:34:15 &lt;zzz&gt; two months since .31 release 18:34:32 &lt;i2pr&gt; [Slack/str4d] Sorry, had forgotten I managed to get the release out 18:34:45 &lt;i2pr&gt; [Slack/str4d] In which case, not sure why website is still not updated 18:34:53 &lt;zzz&gt; what do phone issues and flat (apartment? not sure what a flat is) have to do with it 18:35:08 &lt;zzz&gt; been pinging you for several weeks 18:35:23 &lt;zzz&gt; what is left to do? 18:35:54 &lt;i2pr&gt; [Slack/str4d] What it has to do with it, is I've had zero I2P time this last month 18:36:36 &lt;i2pr&gt; [Slack/str4d] And no pinging because not on my I2P laptop, and the relay was down so I didn't see pings here 18:37:23 &lt;zzz&gt; so what still is there to do for getting .31 on the download page, and when can you do it by? 18:40:22 &lt;zzz&gt; hearing no response... should we move on to 2) ? 18:41:01 &lt;zzz&gt; I'll assume str4d will take care of 1) when able 18:41:07 &lt;i2pr&gt; [Slack/str4d] Should just need the website being updated 18:41:17 &lt;i2pr&gt; [Slack/str4d] So, hopefully Friday now I'm done with flat stuff 18:41:21 &lt;i2pr&gt; [Slack/str4d] But anyone could update it 18:41:56 &lt;zzz&gt; but we don't know if it's ready. So please fix the website when able 18:42:02 &lt;zzz&gt; anything else on 1) ? 18:42:18 &lt;zzz&gt; 2) 0.9.32 update (zzz) 18:42:30 &lt;villain&gt; hi 18:42:45 &lt;zzz&gt; ok, schedule was .32 early oct. and .33 early dec., but there's been very little activity for .32 18:43:03 &lt;zzz&gt; so I have pushed .32 to early Nov., for the last release of the year 18:43:15 &lt;eche|on&gt; fine with me 18:43:42 &lt;zzz&gt; that will make only 4 releases this year, which is pretty sad, lowest since jrandom was doing very little in 2007 18:44:10 &lt;eche|on&gt; IMHO do not care much about amount of releases, but amount of work went into it  18:44:15 &lt;zzz&gt; str4d, new process is to not release with blockers/criticals, so please address the tickets 18:44:39 &lt;zzz&gt; I have proposal 141 half done, need to do the UI part 18:45:17 &lt;zzz&gt; I would say there's nothing critical to do for .32, but there is an NPE in the console, I fixed it 18:45:22 &lt;i2pr&gt; [Slack/str4d] ACK. If they are UI-related blockers, I have fixes to IIRC most of it locally, but haven't had time to push out because mtn refactoring work takes me a lot longer than git 18:46:01 &lt;zzz&gt; ok str4d can you address those for an early-november release? 18:46:23 &lt;zzz&gt; because obviously we've blown past the early october deadline 18:47:00 &lt;i2pr&gt; [Slack/str4d] I'll target that 18:47:07 &lt;zzz&gt; ok 18:47:12 &lt;zzz&gt; anything else on 2) ? 18:48:00 &lt;zzz&gt; 3) 34C3 budget (zzz/echelon) 18:48:18 &lt;zzz&gt; eche|on, whats the total requests for ccc funding? 18:48:53 &lt;eche|on&gt; roughly 5k  and tickets are in the 1k area 18:49:16 &lt;zzz&gt; I assume we can afford that easily :) 18:49:31 &lt;eche|on&gt; hm, let me count, 1,2,3 BTC, yeah, for sure^^ 18:49:53 &lt;zzz&gt; add in a dinner and we're going to pay for train passes, call it 7K, sounds good 18:50:11 &lt;zzz&gt; anybody here that didn't request funding that needs it, now is the time to ask 18:50:29 &lt;zzz&gt; any objections to spending 7K for CCC? 18:51:01 &lt;zzz&gt; anything else on 3) ? 18:51:19 &lt;eche|on&gt; not from me now 18:51:30 &lt;zzz&gt; 4) Debian package update (zzz) 18:51:50 &lt;zzz&gt; ok, great news, mhatta's package was accepted into debian sid, will be buster in two years 18:52:20 &lt;zzz&gt; I've bought back some of his fixes, and hopefully he'll update to .31 soon 18:52:41 &lt;eche|on&gt; great news, for sure 18:52:57 &lt;zzz&gt; big milestone, the debian bug to include it was something like 8 years old 18:53:14 &lt;zzz&gt; anything else on 4) ? 18:53:23 &lt;eche|on&gt; yes 18:53:32 &lt;eche|on&gt; is this the final on "bounty closed" ? 18:53:40 &lt;eche|on&gt; can I pay the 146 to mhatta? 18:53:41 &lt;eche|on&gt; *g* 18:54:32 &lt;zzz&gt; I think yes 18:54:45 &lt;zzz&gt; maybe our first bounty to pay off in years 18:54:58 &lt;eche|on&gt; yeah 18:54:59 &lt;eche|on&gt; great 18:55:16 &lt;zzz&gt; 5) 10 years after jrandom (zzz) 18:55:52 &lt;zzz&gt; ok, jrandom vanished november 2007, just wondering if we should do anything to commemorate it, maybe from PR team, str4d/sadie any ideas? 18:56:14 &lt;eche|on&gt; no idea 18:56:17 &lt;i2pr&gt; [Slack/str4d] Looks like https://bugs.debian.org/cgi-bin/bugreport.cgi?bug=448638  has been closed, so yes! 18:56:42 &lt;i2pr&gt; [Slack/str4d] I'll chat to Sadie about it this weekend 18:57:03 &lt;zzz&gt; ok, anything else on 5) ? 18:57:05 &lt;i2pr&gt; [Slack/str4d] When in November was it? 18:57:12 &lt;orignal_&gt; zzz, maybe you want to tell the full story 18:57:29 &lt;zzz&gt; I don't have an exact date, lost those emails 18:57:36 &lt;orignal_&gt; what happened before? why did he choose you? 18:57:57 &lt;orignal_&gt; what did you discuss and what did agree to? 18:58:01 &lt;i2pr&gt; [Slack/str4d] If we do some PR, I think we'd focus on what has been done since then 18:58:12 &lt;zzz&gt; I may do a brief post on zzz.i2p with my memoryies 18:58:25 &lt;i2pr&gt; [Slack/str4d] Or possibly two phases / blog posts - before and after. 18:59:08 &lt;zzz&gt; ok, anything else on 5) ? 18:59:18 &lt;orignal_&gt; yes, please 18:59:24 &lt;orignal_&gt; everybody wants to know 18:59:28 &lt;zzz&gt; this is our standing post on it: http://i2p-projekt.i2p/en/misc/jrandom-awol 18:59:43 &lt;zzz&gt; anything else for the meeting? 19:00:19 &lt;orignal_&gt; yes, but nothing about you 19:00:22 &lt;villain&gt; you have 7K budget on CCC trip, all from donation money? what it accomplishes to I2P? 19:00:49 &lt;zzz&gt; as manas requested an earlier time and is a no-show, we'll be back to 8 PM UTC for next month 19:01:28 &lt;zzz&gt; essentially all our funds are from the original donation of 1000 BTC years ago 19:01:37 &lt;villain&gt; for 7K you could afford independent source code audit of I2P source, just saying... 19:01:41 &lt;eche|on&gt; more or less all, yes 19:01:42 * zzz warms up the baffer 19:02:00 &lt;i2pr&gt; [Slack/str4d] villain, hah! 19:02:01 &lt;eche|on&gt; you wont get a sufficient code audit for 7k for our source 19:02:11 &lt;zzz&gt; our financial status is on our website if you're interested in our balances 19:02:14 &lt;eche|on&gt; a auditor is ~500/day 19:02:22 * zzz *bafs* the meeting closed </div>
