---
title: "I2P Dev Meeting - May 02, 2017"
date: 2017-05-02
author: "zzz"
description: "I2P development meeting log for May 02, 2017."
categories: ["meeting"]
---

## Quick recap

<p class="attendees-inline"><strong>Present:</strong> backup, manas, zzz</p>

## Meeting Log

<div class="irc-log"> 20:00:01 &lt;zzz&gt; 0) Hi 20:00:01 &lt;zzz&gt; 1) 0.9.30/.31 update (zzz) 20:00:01 &lt;zzz&gt; 2) UI branch status - (str4d) 20:00:01 &lt;zzz&gt; 3) I2P Summer Dev plans - (str4d) 20:00:01 &lt;zzz&gt; 4) EdDSA update - (str4d) 20:00:05 &lt;zzz&gt; 0) Hi 20:00:07 &lt;zzz&gt; hi 20:00:23 &lt;zzz&gt; 1) 0.9.30/.31 update (zzz) 20:00:48 &lt;zzz&gt; couple days behind schedule due to jetty bugs I had to patch, but will finish up review tonight and build tomorrow morning 20:00:58 &lt;manas&gt; Hello 20:01:19 &lt;zzz&gt; if eche|on is around tomorrow we'll get the in-net update out, and I'll work on the launchpad and deb builds for thursday and friday 20:01:46 &lt;zzz&gt; 31 I've scheduled for late June or early July 20:01:53 &lt;backup&gt; Hi 20:02:03 &lt;manas&gt; Hi backup! :D 20:02:15 &lt;zzz&gt; you can see the roadmap for what we have planned (or at least hoped) for 31 20:02:19 &lt;zzz&gt; anything else on 1) ? 20:03:18 &lt;zzz&gt; 2) UI branch status - (str4d) 20:03:43 &lt;zzz&gt; str4d you're up 20:04:13 &lt;zzz&gt; ok this is going to be the shortest meeting ever 20:04:27 &lt;backup&gt; I thought we were some more people here :) 20:04:27 &lt;manas&gt; :P 20:04:33 &lt;zzz&gt; anything else on 2), 3), or 4), or any other topic for the meeting? 20:04:44 &lt;manas&gt; I wanted to point out this thread: http://trac.i2p2.i2p/ticket/1139 20:04:46 &lt;manas&gt; *ticket 20:04:54 &lt;manas&gt; We should try and get this change in the new UI 20:05:21 &lt;manas&gt; "Semi-shutdown": Temporarily stopping accepting participating tunnels. 20:05:57 &lt;manas&gt; backup: Could you PM me the new link for status? 20:06:05 &lt;manas&gt; thx 20:06:08 &lt;zzz&gt; ok, perhaps you can add your reasons for why it's important to the ticket? 20:06:41 &lt;manas&gt; I was interested in finding out more about the summer dev plans but I guess that will have to wait until str4d is around 20:06:43 &lt;manas&gt; zzz: sure 20:06:43 &lt;zzz&gt; any non-critical UI stuff has to wait until we get the UI branch merged, so hopefully that's coming soon 20:06:49 &lt;zzz&gt; anything else for the meeting? 20:07:06 &lt;zzz&gt; nice to see you here backup 20:07:14 * zzz grabs the baffer 20:07:40 &lt;manas&gt; I wanted to propose regular reseed operator meetings 20:07:45 &lt;manas&gt; what do you think, backup ? 20:08:19 &lt;zzz&gt; I'd +1 that 20:08:38 &lt;backup&gt; yes, good idea 20:08:44 &lt;zzz&gt; I'll let you continue the discussion, however, for now... 20:08:50 * zzz *bafs* the meeting closed </div>
