---
title: "0.7.9 Release"
date: 2010-01-12
author: "zzz"
description: "أُطلق الإصدار 0.7.9 من I2P مع إصلاحات لأخطاء تتعلق بفساد الرسائل وتحسينات في الأداء"
categories: ["release"]
---

0.7.9 fixes several longstanding bugs causing message corruption. We are hopeful that network performance will improve once it is widely deployed. There are other changes that should help router reachability and tunnel build success rates. The release also includes additional translation support, and a full Russian translation by "forget" which was sponsored by "russiansponsor".

There are more changes to reduce memory and CPU usage, and other bug fixes. Upgrading is recommended. Please give the developers feedback on IRC #i2p or [forum.i2p2.de](http://forum.i2p2.de/) and [get involved](http://www.i2p2.de/getinvolved.html) or [donate](http://www.i2p2.de/donate.html)! We are still looking for help on new and existing translations. Please volunteer on IRC #i2p.

Release details:

## Transport and Tunnels

- Fix three bugs, each several years old, causing corrupted tunnel messages. The fixes will hopefully improve network speed.
- Fix a bug preventing firewalled routers from finding introducers. This fix should help network connectivity.
- Improve the algorithm for dropping messages when overloaded at the inbound gateway.
- Fix the error messages on the console when the computer is completely disconnected from the network.
- Fix the way excessive clock skew is calculated and reported.
- Increase the tunnel build timeout, which will improve build success rate.
- Prioritize tunnel builds so pools that most need tunnels build first
- New experimental "laptop mode" for enhanced anonymity when changing locations

## Router Console Translation Support

- New Russian translation by "forget" with support from "russiansponsor"
- Translation support added for i2psnark, i2ptunnel, and susidns.
- Several updates to translations.
- We are searching for additional translation volunteers.

## I2CP

- Where possible, keep client-router communications within the JVM rather than going through an external socket, for performance.

## HTTP Proxy

- Where possible, keep client-proxy communications within the JVM rather than going through an external socket, for performance.
- Allow configuration of the jump server list

## Other

- Reduce startup time by 10-15s
- Continued improvements to reduce package size and memory usage
- Continued console improvements

SHA256 Checksums:

```
61272e9f9774d157fe3dd64b779a69610f3966a3d996cb454966be42ef8bffe5  i2pinstall_0.7.9.exe
7512d4173bb27cd00e1c61e6cf7b189ff358fd15a5394c1ae79045cf40b0aeda  i2psource_0.7.9.tar.bz2
cd2e113ee205c7d33b18920ca1e853d18fecd0f79e30c74a9c20c79cbb553889  i2pupdate_0.7.9.zip
eb995184206fcd54880d1c15c792a0a0d47c46fad19a8d409ab9fdca345f58e2  i2pupdate.sud
```