---
title: "I2P Dev Meeting - December 11, 2012"
date: 2012-12-11
author: "str4d"
description: "I2P development meeting log for December 11, 2012."
categories: ["meeting"]
---

## Quick recap

<p class="attendees-inline"><strong>Present:</strong> lillith, Meeh, postman, psi, str4d, topiltzin, zzz</p>

## Meeting Log

<div class="irc-log"> 20:20:09  &lt;str4d&gt; &lt;str4d&gt; Not sure where dg is, so I propose that we get the meeting started anyway, continuing on with the agenda from last week (or restarting it if necessary). 20:20:09  &lt;str4d&gt; (http://zzz.i2p/posts/5779) 20:20:18  &lt;iRelay&gt; Title: zzz.i2p: IRC Meetings (at zzz.i2p) 20:40:14  &lt;str4d&gt; No one going to reply? 20:41:48  &lt;Meeh&gt; I'm in for a meeting 20:42:09  &lt;Meeh&gt; but IRC was really unstable today 20:51:48  &lt;str4d&gt; Does someone want to chair and start a meeting? No idea where dg has got to, and I've got to leave partway though so I can't. 20:52:40  &lt;str4d&gt; Looks like iRelay is on postman's server, so if the chair is also there then disconnects won't affect the meeting log. 21:01:13  &lt;psi&gt; meeting was...? 21:01:32  * lillith volunteers to chair once i have zzz.i2p loaded succesfully 21:04:05  &lt;psi&gt; meeting is now rite? 21:05:43  &lt;lillith&gt; yep unless anyone else wants to chair 21:07:16  &lt;psi&gt; ok 21:07:16  &lt;psi&gt; topics? 21:07:16  &lt;lillith&gt; So, Carrying on from where we left off last week, orion are you in here? 21:09:52  &lt;psi&gt; sounds doable 21:09:54  &lt;lillith&gt; i'm not sure what for though, seems a little pointless to me at least 21:10:20  &lt;psi&gt; to make a more structured environment for helping users 21:10:27  &lt;psi&gt; iirc 21:10:48  &lt;topiltzin&gt; more like pool resources 21:11:05  &lt;topiltzin&gt; +1 on that but iirc someone had to be asked first (the owner of the channel?  who is/was that?) 21:11:13  &lt;lillith&gt; so combine two fairly dead channels to a less dead one? 21:11:50  &lt;topiltzin&gt; yah 21:12:23  &lt;lillith&gt; okay item 2a: who owns each cannel and what do they think? 21:12:50  &lt;lillith&gt; 2b: is the new channel #i2p or #i2p-help? 21:12:57  * postman owns #i2p and thinks nothing in particular 21:13:31  &lt;postman&gt; #i2p should keep its name 21:13:33  &lt;lillith&gt; 2c: ask someone to delete one and redirect people to the other 21:13:38  &lt;postman&gt; zzz owns #i2p-help 21:14:10  &lt;psi&gt; i suppose the ircd can do a "symlink" of sorts for channels? 21:14:12  &lt;lillith&gt; i think new users need an obvious 'help' channel to go to first when they connect 21:14:31  &lt;lillith&gt; otherwise they will just ask in random channels 21:14:51  &lt;postman&gt; re: symlink. i will check that 21:16:35  &lt;lillith&gt; okay, item 2 dealt with? 21:18:16  &lt;lillith&gt; item 3: website revamp updates. 21:18:35  &lt;lillith&gt; str4d, any news? 21:18:37  &lt;psi&gt; how many are working on that? 21:23:13  &lt;lillith&gt; psi: afaik only str4d 21:28:17  &lt;lillith&gt; re: Item 4 : 0.9.4 Console links additions, i think str4d has gone and books isn't here, maybe next week? 21:28:17  &lt;str4d&gt; lillith, about to go afk 21:28:26  &lt;str4d&gt; But website page reorganization is basically done. 21:33:45  &lt;str4d&gt; I'd like some feedback from people on it (navigation and url structure) - see ticket #807 for the live url 21:33:48  &lt;iRelay&gt; http://trac.i2p2.i2p/ticket/807 - (accepted enhancement) - Revamp of website 21:33:50  &lt;str4d&gt; And that ticket also lists the next todo items for the revamp. 21:33:50  &lt;lillith&gt; okay, thanks :) 21:34:09  &lt;lillith&gt; item 5 ; 0.9.4 release 21:35:46  &lt;lillith&gt; zzz, are you still aiming for mid-december? 21:39:52  &lt;zzz&gt; monday. see also /topic and http://zzz.i2p/topics/1252 21:39:55  &lt;zzz&gt; and re: console link additions, that agenda item can be pushed out 6 weeks for 0.9.5 21:45:02  &lt;lillith&gt; okay thanks :) 21:45:09  &lt;lillith&gt; item 6 : any notes from participants 21:45:09  &lt;lillith&gt; ... anyone? 21:45:09  &lt;psi&gt; notes? 21:45:09  &lt;lillith&gt; anything you wish to add 21:45:09  &lt;psi&gt; the most common complaint from new users is that it's slow at start 21:45:22  &lt;psi&gt; is there any way to address that? 21:49:54  &lt;Meeh&gt; make the installer include RIs could help on the startup speed. But it's not a flawless solution 21:49:54  &lt;Meeh&gt; what if dose RIs goes down, or high load, etc etc 21:49:54  &lt;psi&gt; is there a "faster" way to initial seed besides prebundling? 21:49:54  &lt;zzz&gt; Meeh, is your reseed server script at all a bottleneck? is it slowing down reseeding at all? 21:49:54  &lt;Meeh&gt; higher the limit before the router stop reseeding to 2-300.. But not a flawless idea either 21:49:54  &lt;lillith&gt; Meeh,surely any solution would be better than none 21:49:54  &lt;Meeh&gt; it slows the server down if it's much used since it's a write lock on sqlite 21:49:56  &lt;Meeh&gt; I should make a mysql version, and those reseeders that could use it, would help a lot 21:51:20  &lt;lillith&gt; prebundling RIs could only speed up initial startup; worst case is that it's the same as now 21:51:20  &lt;Meeh&gt; then the file/db lock wouldn't be a bottleneck anymore 21:52:49  &lt;Meeh&gt; or whatever else *sql as long as it run as a server 22:01:    &lt;lillith&gt; orion dosen't seem to be here, and i don't see how we can go on without him 22:04:    &lt;lillith&gt; item 7: next meeting 22:06:    &lt;topiltzin&gt; pre-bundling has some strong arguments against it, they are available on zzz.i2p 22:07:    &lt;lillith&gt; i'l leave this to dg , presumably it will be 8.00 UTC next tuesday (18th) 22:08:    &lt;lillith&gt; topiltzin, i'l take a look 22:09:    &lt;lillith&gt; I'd say this meeting is now officially over then :) </div>
