---
title: "I2P Dev Meeting - October 06, 2015"
date: 2015-10-06
author: "zzz"
description: "I2P development meeting log for October 06, 2015."
categories: ["meeting"]
---

## Quick recap

<p class="attendees-inline"><strong>Present:</strong> cacapo, comradenosebleed, dg, eche|on, hottuna2, postman, str4d, zzz</p>

## Meeting Log

<div class="irc-log"> 19:59:41  &lt;zzz&gt; 0) Hi 19:59:41  &lt;zzz&gt; 1) 32C3 Budget 19:59:41  &lt;zzz&gt; 2) Other 32C3 todo items - banner, etc. 19:59:41  &lt;zzz&gt; 3) RWC Budget 19:59:44  &lt;zzz&gt; 0) Hi 19:59:47  &lt;zzz&gt; Hi 19:59:50  &lt;eche|on&gt; hi 19:59:53  &lt;dg&gt; hi 19:59:59  &lt;zzz&gt; 1) 32C3 Budget 19:59:59  &lt;cacapo&gt; hi 20:00:23  &lt;zzz&gt; ok, the plan is to do what we did for Toronto, which is to set an overall budget and let echelon handle the details 20:00:43  &lt;hottuna2&gt; i love soylent and you 20:00:46  &lt;hottuna2&gt; oups 20:00:47  &lt;zzz&gt; echelon, what's the total of the travel requests for funds that you got 20:01:06  &lt;eche|on&gt; currently it is roughly 4k and 2 BTC 20:01:56  &lt;hottuna2&gt; as calculated how? 20:02:03  &lt;zzz&gt; ok, were there any excessive requests or request from any randoms that we need to discuss, or was everything reasonable? 20:02:41  &lt;eche|on&gt; all reasonable, non above 1k euro so far, so... all fine 20:02:52  &lt;eche|on&gt; some did wrote too much information, haha 20:03:22  &lt;zzz&gt; and about how much more to pay for CCC tickets, a dinner, gummy snakes and such? 20:04:06  &lt;eche|on&gt; I think dinner will be 500+x, tickets will be 100 each (at 10 ppl roughly) and snakes and small stuff in the 200-300 20:04:24  &lt;eche|on&gt; dinner for 20+x 20:05:04  &lt;zzz&gt; so that's 1800 euros + 4K travel + ~500 for 2 BTC is 6300 euros total, right? 20:05:53  &lt;eche|on&gt; yeah, but we will not scratch up to that, IMHO some of the travel fund will be payed in BTC, and dinner could be cheaper... 20:05:59  &lt;eche|on&gt; so lets say 6k 20:06:34  &lt;eche|on&gt; last year we did have had 1257 without travel costs 20:06:38  &lt;zzz&gt; that sounds pretty reasonable to me, let's throw it open to discussion... what do people think? 20:06:39  &lt;eche|on&gt; and a few tickets 20:07:13  &lt;hottuna2&gt; does that mean we'll be reaching our 10% spending goal per year? 20:07:31  &lt;eche|on&gt; sure 20:07:53  &lt;hottuna2&gt; as in we'll be below 10%? 20:08:01  &lt;zzz&gt; doubt it, we have ~250K and we only spent 4-5K on toronto iirc 20:08:02  &lt;eche|on&gt; sure 20:08:22  &lt;eche|on&gt; wait, 150k, not 250... 20:08:49  &lt;zzz&gt; either way, we're well under 10%, back of the envelope 20:09:02  &lt;eche|on&gt; and currently we spent 5.3k this year 20:09:19  &lt;hottuna2&gt; ok. i'm happy with that. 20:09:22  &lt;zzz&gt; any objections to a 6K Euro budget for CCC? 20:10:05  &lt;zzz&gt; great 20:10:41  &lt;zzz&gt; as always eche|on I think we prefer to reimburse people, but we can pay in advance if people really need it to buy tickets, right? 20:11:25  &lt;hottuna2&gt; is there a way to know how much you'll be reimbursed for? 20:11:25  &lt;eche|on&gt; correct 20:11:44  &lt;zzz&gt; I think we just approved 100% of people's requests, correct? 20:11:49  &lt;eche|on&gt; yes 20:12:05  &lt;zzz&gt; ok, so whatever you asked for is what you'll get hottuna2 20:12:13  &lt;hottuna2&gt; ok 20:12:23  &lt;zzz&gt; thank you very much eche|on I think this process worked well 20:12:27  &lt;zzz&gt; anything else on 1) ? 20:12:53  &lt;zzz&gt; 2) Other 32C3 todo items - banner, etc. 20:13:05  &lt;eche|on&gt; banner is still in toronto 20:13:10  &lt;eche|on&gt; poster - we need a poster 20:13:28  &lt;zzz&gt; DECT phones part 2? banner? poster? what needs to be done, any volunteers? 20:13:35  &lt;eche|on&gt; we need a table (I try to get into wiki and make some page about our group) 20:13:45  &lt;hottuna2&gt; who has the banner? 20:13:57  &lt;hottuna2&gt; I do not have it. 20:13:57  &lt;str4d&gt; j0 20:13:58  &lt;eche|on&gt; it was at toronto hacklab 20:14:13  &lt;hottuna2&gt; should I bring the podium graphic from i2pcon? 20:14:40  &lt;zzz&gt; hottuna2, can you be in charge of finding the banner in Toronto and bringing it? 20:14:53  &lt;eche|on&gt; DECT phones could be done, but I do not know, everyone has a mobile, Wifi available... 20:15:13  &lt;zzz&gt; maybe twitter DM has rendered DECT obsolete 20:15:15  &lt;hottuna2&gt; zzz, will do. 20:15:19  &lt;eche|on&gt; hottuna2: there was a twitter discussion with sadie about the banner and let her bring it to hamburg 20:15:23  &lt;dg&gt; i'm just going to twitter 20:15:41  &lt;dg&gt; irc if no response 20:15:50  &lt;hottuna2&gt; do we need any other marketing type of material? 20:15:50  &lt;eche|on&gt; table needs to be reserved asap 20:15:59  &lt;eche|on&gt; stickers 20:16:06  &lt;zzz&gt; eche|on, you volunteered to reserve the table? 20:16:28  &lt;eche|on&gt; a folder (3 columns, folded) with basic informations would really help, but not available 20:16:44  &lt;eche|on&gt; zzz: I can try to reserve the table on 26th ahead of cinema 20:16:56  &lt;eche|on&gt; or better: I try my best to reserve it 20:17:00  &lt;dg&gt; usual place, or? 20:17:10  &lt;eche|on&gt; dg: would be best, noisysquare 20:17:11  &lt;zzz&gt; yeah, but you volunteered to sign up on the wiki, right echelon? 20:17:13  &lt;dg&gt; just a question: how big is the table usually? 20:17:24  &lt;eche|on&gt; yeah, I try to do the wiki, also 20:17:28  &lt;zzz&gt; 8-10 20:17:30  &lt;cacapo&gt; eche|on: didn't we have a folder contest a while back 20:17:31  &lt;dg&gt; eche|on: ah good 20:17:32  &lt;hottuna2&gt; Sadie says Hi from twitter 20:17:36  &lt;dg&gt; zzz: so room for everyone? 20:17:38  &lt;eche|on&gt; the table is mostly a round table for 8-10, or a square table 20:17:51  &lt;dg&gt; hottuna2: she needs2irc 20:17:56  &lt;zzz&gt; we're never all there at the same time, not to worry 20:17:58  &lt;eche|on&gt; cacapo: yeah, but the results of fodler contest were not useable AFAIR 20:18:03  &lt;hottuna2&gt; that's what I'm telling her 20:18:20  &lt;dg&gt; alright :) 20:18:34  &lt;zzz&gt; there was also the idea of USB stick giveaways, I looked into it, looks like $2 in bulk for small-capacity 20:18:41  &lt;dg&gt; i'm waiting for schedule so i can plan my day 20:18:42  &lt;eche|on&gt; http://echelon.i2p/29c3/ 20:18:46  &lt;iRelay&gt; Title: 29C3 I2P contest (at echelon.i2p) 20:18:51  &lt;dg&gt; know when to duck in/out 20:19:29  &lt;eche|on&gt; dg: usual we meet in 10-12am and leave after 1am... 20:19:47  &lt;zzz&gt; so re: poster, who is looking into that? 20:19:48  &lt;eche|on&gt; zzz: the USB sticks are nice 20:20:03  &lt;eche|on&gt; but I do not know if really useful 20:20:13  &lt;hottuna2&gt; so the 2015 wiki for 32c3 does not appear to be open yet 20:20:28  &lt;eche|on&gt; hottuna2: correct 20:20:36  &lt;dg&gt; eche|on: past my bedtime ;) fits my lie ins 20:20:43  &lt;zzz&gt; I'm not humping hundreds of USBs across the ocean. Dunno if too late to get logo'ed ones 20:20:46  &lt;dg&gt; is the CCH open all night? 20:20:58  &lt;eche|on&gt; dg: CCH is open 24/7 20:21:08  &lt;zzz&gt; let's defer talk about CCC basics and logistics for now 20:21:20  &lt;dg&gt; ok, thx eche|on 20:21:22  &lt;zzz&gt; this agenda item is for prep only 20:21:36  &lt;eche|on&gt; zzz: 2 weeks time on one sender 20:22:07  &lt;zzz&gt; anybody want to volunteer for a poster or for USB sticks? 20:22:29  &lt;zzz&gt; and what was the answer on stickers? 20:22:32  &lt;eche|on&gt; but a USB stick/card is around 4-6 eeach 20:22:48  &lt;zzz&gt; I saw them for about $2 on ebay 20:22:58  &lt;hottuna2&gt; i'm not sure i'm I understand the idea behind the usb sticks 20:23:08  &lt;zzz&gt; but those weren't customized I dont think 20:23:15  &lt;dg&gt; would we bundle i2p, just put our logo on it, or...? 20:23:22  &lt;zzz&gt; both 20:23:44  &lt;hottuna2&gt; not sure I feel that's a good use of money. if we were tails it would've been a different story 20:24:41  &lt;eche|on&gt; I am not really a fan of USB in this pricy area, as we would need 100+x, thats at least 500 20:24:45  &lt;eche|on&gt; for printed ones 20:24:47  &lt;zzz&gt; ok 20:24:51  &lt;eche|on&gt; with a less use 20:25:10  &lt;zzz&gt; so lets skip the USB sticks. What about stickers? How's the supply over there? Did you bring them all over here or? 20:25:17  &lt;str4d&gt; hottuna2: we don't even need to give aaway the USBs 20:25:24  &lt;eche|on&gt; I still got stickers left 20:25:42  &lt;comradenosebleed&gt; zzz: i have a bunch of stickers that tuna gave me as well, i don't mind bringing them with me 20:25:44  &lt;str4d&gt; If they are decent enough, could sell at cost 20:25:45  &lt;eche|on&gt; but some of the toronto connections wanted to create a new design AFAIK. 20:25:55  &lt;comradenosebleed&gt; (sorry tuna, i'm trying to give out as many as i can) 20:26:05  &lt;dg&gt; i might have some stickers 20:26:11  &lt;eche|on&gt; str4d: I do not like to sell and handle some money beside my debit card on CCC 20:26:16  &lt;zzz&gt; eche|on, you have enough for CCC or you need comradenosebleed to bring some? 20:26:30  &lt;hottuna2&gt; do we want to get some more t-shirts 20:26:40  &lt;eche|on&gt; I got enough for CCC, but thats my last I got 20:26:53  &lt;comradenosebleed&gt; i probably have 200 or so sitting on my desk, i have no problems bringing them with me 20:27:07  &lt;eche|on&gt; so I need a new design, or I get another 10k with the same design 20:27:13  &lt;hottuna2&gt; and a separate question, do we want to sell them? 20:27:23  &lt;hottuna2&gt; eche|on: I would like to get a new design made 20:27:33  &lt;hottuna2&gt; before new stickers are ordered 20:27:36  &lt;zzz&gt; let's defer buying more stickers for now if we have enough for CCC and there's potential for a new design 20:27:44  &lt;eche|on&gt; right 20:27:51  &lt;zzz&gt; no, I don't think we should sell them 20:27:53  &lt;dg&gt; will bring some anyway 20:28:02  &lt;hottuna2&gt; zzz, agreed. 20:28:12  &lt;str4d&gt; no one sells stickers at cons :P 20:28:21  &lt;str4d&gt; The advertizing alone covers it 20:28:22  &lt;hottuna2&gt; still, do we want to get more t-shirts? 20:28:43  &lt;eche|on&gt; hottuna2: we can ask in zzz.i2p for visitors (i2p team) needing/wanting a shirt. at least dg and str4d need them 20:28:46  &lt;str4d&gt; (oh wait, t-shirts, nvm) 20:28:46  &lt;eche|on&gt; yes 20:28:56  &lt;zzz&gt; I say no to t-shirts. too much of a hassle to sell, and pretty much everybody has one, right? 20:29:05  &lt;str4d&gt; I don't 20:29:11  &lt;str4d&gt; I won't be at CCC tho 20:29:13  &lt;eche|on&gt; and postman postman !?? 20:29:20  &lt;eche|on&gt; oh, sry... 20:29:20  &lt;dg&gt; postman is joining us btw :) 20:29:29  &lt;zzz&gt; for the one-offs, they can buy it on spreadshirt 20:29:40  &lt;zzz&gt; if they want 20:30:04  &lt;str4d&gt; That was my plan :) 20:30:19  &lt;zzz&gt; what was the answer on the poster? Maybe tuna and sadie will do something, maybe not? 20:30:22  &lt;dg&gt; will get one too, no need to order more for the project 20:30:37  &lt;zzz&gt; is the timothy leary poster still around? 20:31:27  &lt;hottuna2&gt; zzz, so no t-shirt for dg or postman? 20:31:37  &lt;hottuna2&gt; I don't mind ordering/bringing them. 20:31:40  &lt;postman&gt; hey, i would take one 20:31:49  &lt;eche|on&gt; http://echelon.i2p/29c3/user5/poster/final_with_garlic.jpg 20:32:03  &lt;eche|on&gt; zzz: that one? 20:32:06  &lt;dg&gt; I'd like a yellow one if you've got one but I'll order it myself if not 20:32:43  &lt;hottuna2&gt; dg, postman what sizes are you? 20:32:45  &lt;zzz&gt; sounds like it's between tuna and postman and dg to figure out t-shirts, whether tuna orders them or the others just order their own 20:32:56  &lt;eche|on&gt; t-shirt costs can be refunded on 32C3 for team members 20:33:03  &lt;dg&gt; yeah sorry we'll leave it for later :) 20:33:26  &lt;zzz&gt; ok, so the project will reimburse for t-shirts for those that don't have them 20:33:34  &lt;zzz&gt; any objections to that? 20:33:41  &lt;eche|on&gt; we did pay the other shirts already 20:33:48  &lt;zzz&gt; yup 20:34:31  &lt;zzz&gt; ok, sounds like we don't have a poster answer atm, but no big deal if we don't get one 20:34:31  &lt;eche|on&gt; date for dinner pre-announce? 20:34:32  &lt;hottuna2&gt; no 20:34:32  &lt;hottuna2&gt; that's how it's been done previously 20:34:39  &lt;zzz&gt; yes eche|on that's the leary poster 20:35:09  &lt;zzz&gt; eche|on, you have a proposal for which nite for dinner? 20:35:42  &lt;eche|on&gt; hmm, 27th is a bit early, but still fine. 28th or 29th are fine, too. But I need to wait for talk schedule 20:36:03  &lt;zzz&gt; ok, maybe let's pencil in 28th, subject to change 20:36:08  &lt;zzz&gt; anything else on 2) ? 20:36:09  &lt;eche|on&gt; We can do the 27th, its sunday, first evening, all are jet-lagged, no one wants beer, cheap^^ 20:36:49  &lt;zzz&gt; last call for 2) 20:36:51  &lt;dg&gt; no thanks for 27th 20:37:20  &lt;zzz&gt; 3) RWC Budget 20:37:36  &lt;zzz&gt; eche|on, any requests for RWC funding? What's the total? 20:37:51  &lt;eche|on&gt; yeah, thats a bit non-anon, as I got one request of 500 for hotel costs at RWC 20:38:20  &lt;zzz&gt; sounds reasonable, any objections? 20:38:25  &lt;eche|on&gt; no 20:38:30  &lt;eche|on&gt; if the paper is good, all fine^^ 20:38:51  &lt;eche|on&gt; and it is 2016, new year, new 10% *g* 20:39:24  &lt;zzz&gt; I encourage anybody that can get to RWC to check it out, it's a good conference 20:39:35  &lt;zzz&gt; anything else on 3) ? 20:39:40  &lt;eche|on&gt; to far away from me 20:39:53  &lt;eche|on&gt; although interesting, sure 20:39:55  &lt;dg&gt; too far & incompatible w/ CCC 20:40:50  &lt;zzz&gt; ok, any other topics? I know i shot down i2pcontrol, 32c3 talk, and forum replacement over on the zzz.i2p thread, but if anybody wants to discuss _briefly_ speak up now 20:41:33  &lt;hottuna2&gt; yeah. i'd like to talk about forum.i2p 20:41:38  &lt;hottuna2&gt; do we want to replace it? 20:41:52  &lt;dg&gt; just wrt forum replacement, we're open to it and discussing it. if anyone thinks it's a good idea for us to do it, hit up postman/myself/eche|on. we're in a position to run one, but we dunno if there's much support 20:42:33  &lt;zzz&gt; I'll paste in my position from zzz.i2p, others may disagree, that's fine 20:42:35  &lt;hottuna2&gt; i think we should have a public facing place for discussions 20:42:54  &lt;zzz&gt; My consistent view has been that users will vote with their feet, let a thousand flowers bloom, etc. etc. It's not necessary or even wise for us to anoint a replacement. One or more are free to apply for placement on the console home page following our usual process. If somebody wants to set up a forum site, they should do so, 20:43:18  &lt;hottuna2&gt; I don't agree. 20:43:19  &lt;dg&gt; hottuna2: while I'm very open about a forum, what is not open about zzz.i2p? for the record it's unlikely a forum.i2p run by postman/echelon/myself will be on clearnet 20:43:43  &lt;hottuna2&gt; I think we should have a clearnet forum. 20:43:47  &lt;zzz&gt; zzz.i2p is not open to all topics 20:44:01  &lt;hottuna2&gt; interacting with i2p now is like interacting with a brick. 20:44:06  &lt;zzz&gt; forums get _hammered_ by spiders via inproxies 20:45:15  &lt;zzz&gt; and hammered by spam via inproxies 20:45:15  &lt;hottuna2&gt; there's the irc and zzz.i2p. that is it as far as public communications go with i2p 20:45:15  &lt;hottuna2&gt; how are we to attract people new to anonymity tools if we're not even available to these people? 20:45:15  &lt;eche|on&gt; zzz.i2p is dev talk, a user talk forum would be nice, but it cannot be run on clearnet 20:45:15  &lt;zzz&gt; I'd like to see more use of the blog on our website by the PR team 20:45:16  &lt;hottuna2&gt; I get that running a forum is highly inconvenient. 20:45:19  &lt;eche|on&gt; forum.i2p is currently a good forum, I keep it as clean as I like 20:45:36  &lt;dg&gt; administering one is fine, clearnet is going to be difficult. It's possible but... 20:45:38  &lt;zzz&gt; forum will be dead by year-end due to rekey 20:45:38  &lt;hottuna2&gt; but our blog does not support communication both ways. the lbog is just a broadcasting tool. 20:45:53  &lt;dg&gt; I see that clearnet would be helpful  for support though. 20:46:02  &lt;hottuna2&gt; so this is a relevant topic to try to deal with as soon as possible. 20:46:38  &lt;zzz&gt; anybody wants to run a (or "the") forum replacement? go for it, you don't need anybody's permission 20:46:42  &lt;hottuna2&gt; support and also attracting new developers. showing people the topics we are discussing is a way to attract developers and people of all skill-levels 20:46:50  &lt;str4d&gt; I don't see a simple way to add a blog without going beyond the near-static approach 20:47:19  &lt;dg&gt; the irc2p team is up for it, but I don't know how to handle the clearnet problem 20:47:21  &lt;zzz&gt; hottuna2, nobody's saying a forum isn't a good thing 20:47:47  &lt;str4d&gt; comment section to the* 20:47:53  &lt;hottuna2&gt; so we agree that having one would be helpful to us? 20:47:55  &lt;eche|on&gt; dg: forum.i2p was clearnet, it did not went out well, was closed and all is fine 20:48:09  &lt;zzz&gt; I declared forum.i2p dead back in January. There's been plenty of time. 20:48:16  &lt;hottuna2&gt; and we also agree that we want to reach out and attract newbies to join i2p? 20:48:23  &lt;dg&gt; eche|on: it would be helpful for user supports though 20:48:36  &lt;hottuna2&gt; having it be more than a vaporware goal requires action 20:48:37  &lt;eche|on&gt; dg: not worth the hassle 20:48:42  &lt;zzz&gt; hottuna2, agreed forums are good. Not sure if one of us needs to run one. And not sure I've heard anybody volunteering. 20:49:08  &lt;dg&gt; I don't care about handling the spam, I just want to remain anonymous and you can't do that while running a clearnet site 20:49:23  &lt;eche|on&gt; yes 20:50:46  &lt;hottuna2&gt; dg, could I or someone else rent the root server? 20:50:46  &lt;eche|on&gt; but really, you do not want the i2p forum clearnet 20:50:46  &lt;hottuna2&gt; and you have access to it through i2p+ssh? 20:50:46  &lt;zzz&gt; so perhaps dg as admin combined with some server resources could be a solution 20:50:46  &lt;dg&gt; hottuna2: That's something we can discuss if you (or someone else) is comfortable with the cost 20:50:46  &lt;hottuna2&gt; eche|on: I want the forum to be clearnet and on i2p 20:50:46  &lt;eche|on&gt; hottuna2: you will loose it. 20:50:46  &lt;eche|on&gt; forum.i2p has had massive spam issues 20:50:46  &lt;dg&gt; eche|on: I know clearnet can be a problem but a lot of users like it as a support mechanism 20:50:46  &lt;dg&gt; irc is not for everyone, especially where we have the "deep sleep chamber" 20:50:46  &lt;eche|on&gt; thats why it was closed down 20:50:46  &lt;zzz&gt; sure, clearnet a nice dream, maybe solveable, maybe not 20:50:50  &lt;eche|on&gt; forum.i2p is still a good support channel 20:50:54  &lt;hottuna2&gt; dg, i'm comfortable with that, and also think that i2p would re-imburse an forum server 20:51:24  &lt;dg&gt; happy to try it and if it doesn't work, we'll be i2p only. I don't know about i2p reimbursing it (not my decision though), but then again, i2p already reimburses core services... 20:51:25  &lt;comradenosebleed&gt; How many moderators were around on the forum while it was clearnet? If we had more mods we would be able to trim down on abuse, spam, etc. 20:51:35  &lt;hottuna2&gt; eche|on: eche|on: would i2p sponsor a forum machine? 20:51:35  &lt;dg&gt; comradenosebleed: afaik it was just eche|on 20:51:43  &lt;eche|on&gt; comradenosebleed: we did have had at least 5-10 people 20:51:49  &lt;dg&gt; hottuna2: I'm happy to admin in any case, just don't want to put a burden on you. 20:51:53  &lt;eche|on&gt; but a damned stupid guy spammed and did some DDOS 20:52:06  &lt;hottuna2&gt; dg, would you volunteer to set up and admin a clearner+hidden forum? 20:52:07  &lt;zzz&gt; dg maybe you can estimate bandwidth/processing power requirements and put together a proposal? 20:52:25  &lt;dg&gt; hottuna2, zzz: OK, i'll work with hottuna2 on that and we can figure out a proposal 20:52:36  &lt;dg&gt; hottuna2: as long as I can be anon still, no problem 20:52:38  &lt;hottuna2&gt; getting a quite powerful server from hertzner is about 30/month 20:52:42  &lt;zzz&gt; I'm still not in favor but willing to listen 20:52:55  &lt;zzz&gt; we have spare VM's now but depends on load 20:53:02  &lt;zzz&gt; ok anything else on forum? 20:53:06  &lt;zzz&gt; anything else for the meeting? 20:53:11  &lt;eche|on&gt; also while being clearnet you cannot hsot a lot of topics which are right now in forum.i2p 20:53:11  * zzz warms up the baffer 20:53:28  &lt;hottuna2&gt; zzz, eche|on: re spare vms, do we want to place all of our infrastructure on the same host? 20:53:30  &lt;eche|on&gt; e.g. you will need a native russian guy for the forum to admin it 20:53:31  &lt;comradenosebleed&gt; I volunteer myself as a mod if we put up a clearnet forum. As much as I hate to suggest cloudflare to host it, they do have excellent ddos prevention 20:54:01  &lt;hottuna2&gt; comradenosebleed: noted 20:54:02  &lt;eche|on&gt; and tha tone would need to know the rules of the country the host is hosted in (hetzner is german, german has some strange laws, e.g.) 20:54:15  &lt;zzz&gt; you all feel free to continue the forum talk, however I... am... 20:54:23  &lt;eche|on&gt; baffing! 20:54:25  &lt;zzz&gt; .. *baffing* the meeting closed </div>
