---
title: "I2P Dev Meeting - February 06, 2018"
date: 2018-02-06
author: "zzz"
description: "سجل اجتماع تطوير I2P بتاريخ 06 فبراير 2018."
categories: ["meeting"]
---

## ملخص سريع

<p class="attendees-inline"><strong>Present:</strong> echelon, manas, meeh, orignal, R4SAS, sadie, str4d, zlatinb, zzz</p>

## Meeting Log

<div class="irc-log"> 20:00:01 &lt;zzz&gt; 0) Hi 20:00:01 &lt;zzz&gt; 1) 0.9.33/34 update (zzz) 20:00:01 &lt;zzz&gt; 2) 34C3 followup (zzz) 20:00:01 &lt;zzz&gt; 3) B-Sides NYC report (sadie, str4d) 20:00:01 &lt;zzz&gt; 4) FOSDEM report (echelon) 20:00:01 &lt;zzz&gt; 5) Status scrum (zab) 20:00:05 &lt;zzz&gt; 0) Hi 20:00:08 &lt;zzz&gt; Hi 20:00:11 &lt;zlatinb&gt; hi 20:00:15 &lt;manas&gt; hi 20:00:19 &lt;echelon&gt; hi 20:00:35 &lt;zzz&gt; 1) 0.9.33/34 update (zzz) 20:00:46 &lt;zzz&gt; ok, 0.9.33 has been out a week, all looks good so far 20:00:47 &lt;orignal_&gt; hi 20:01:22 &lt;zzz&gt; remaining items are android/fdroid/maven from str4d and the official debian from mhatta. Would you two please give us an ETA? 20:01:27 &lt;R4SAS&gt; hi 20:01:33 &lt;echelon&gt; yeah, looks good 20:02:39 &lt;zzz&gt; we need both by the weekend, to meet our two-week goal for primary release items, and to meet the deadline for Bionic 20:03:24 &lt;zzz&gt; ok I'll move on to .34, hope they show up 20:03:48 &lt;zzz&gt; I've set a 10-week schedule for .34 with a release in mid-April. That would mean big items in by early March 20:03:59 &lt;echelon&gt; ok 20:04:06 &lt;zzz&gt; I've checked in some small stuff, and have a big susimail rewrite coming in a couple days 20:04:19 &lt;echelon&gt; will test them 20:04:42 &lt;echelon&gt; anything more on plan for .34 ? 20:04:50 &lt;zzz&gt; oh, one other thing on .33, we had 73 tickets entered in the .33 dev cycle. I fixed about 30. 20:04:54 &lt;i2pr&gt; [Slack/sadie] hi 20:05:13 &lt;zzz&gt; I'm essentially the only one doing triage or fixes and if I don't get some help, I won't have time for anything else 20:05:38 &lt;zzz&gt; so would appreciate it, tickets are everybody's job, please pitch in where you can 20:05:54 &lt;echelon&gt; I can look for some tickets, but cannot do code 20:06:08 &lt;echelon&gt; still fighting with user management in trac 20:06:08 &lt;zzz&gt; on .34, the roadmap needs some fixup for what we can really accomplish, but I haven't looked at it in a couple weeks 20:06:23 &lt;echelon&gt; ok 20:06:34 &lt;zzz&gt; a lot of the tickets are for the website and we've had nobody doing consistent website fixes for a long time 20:06:51 &lt;echelon&gt; ok, content is easy 20:07:02 &lt;zzz&gt; I assume str4d has some UI fixes for 34 since he didn't get anything in for 33, but we'll see 20:07:08 &lt;zzz&gt; anything else on 1) ? 20:08:00 &lt;zzz&gt; 2) 34C3 followup (zzz) 20:08:35 &lt;zzz&gt; this was really just a placeholder. One thing outstanding is getting str4d's roadmap priorities overview finished and put on the website 20:08:40 &lt;zzz&gt; str4d, any status on that? 20:08:55 &lt;zzz&gt; anybody else have anything to say about 34C3? 20:09:17 &lt;manas&gt; it was an excellent 4 days :) 20:09:17 &lt;echelon&gt; was not as much folk talking to us as 33c3 20:09:52 &lt;zzz&gt; yeah, although we got a lot done, maybe because we had less walk-up traffic. It's a tradeoff 20:09:55 &lt;orignal_&gt; no interest to i2p anymore? 20:10:06 &lt;i2pr&gt; [Slack/str4d] I have the draft since, but keep running into Dev forum access issues 20:10:08 &lt;zzz&gt; it was more table placement 20:10:11 &lt;i2pr&gt; [Slack/str4d] Done* 20:10:13 &lt;echelon&gt; sure 20:10:27 &lt;zzz&gt; str4d, ETA for getting it onto the website? 20:11:24 &lt;zzz&gt; str4d, going back to 1), ETA for maven/android/fdroid .33? 20:11:31 &lt;i2pr&gt; [Slack/str4d] If I don't need to solicit more review from Dev forum, could do it tonight 20:11:55 &lt;zzz&gt; I posted some objections you haven't responded to, at least as of a couple hours ago 20:11:59 &lt;i2pr&gt; [Slack/str4d] .33 stuff likely not this weekend, I'll be working all weekend on Zcash stuff 20:12:11 &lt;zzz&gt; ETA for .33 then? 20:12:23 &lt;i2pr&gt; [Slack/str4d] Right, that's what I've kept trying to post to the dev forum 20:12:57 &lt;zzz&gt; well, if you've seen it, then take the objections, or not, up to you 20:13:58 &lt;i2pr&gt; [Slack/str4d] .33 will have to be next weekend (18th-ish?) 20:14:41 &lt;zzz&gt; that's 2 1/2 weeks from the release. No way to get to it sooner? We really need to treat these as primary release products and get them out quickly 20:15:31 &lt;orignal_&gt; zzz, why can't you take care by yourself? 20:15:50 &lt;zzz&gt; we all have our roles. I can't do everything. 20:17:07 &lt;orignal_&gt; sometimes you have to 20:17:09 &lt;zzz&gt; ok, str4d may respond, or not. Anything else on 1) or 2) ? 20:17:17 &lt;i2pr&gt; [Slack/str4d] I can't help my work schedule 20:17:48 &lt;i2pr&gt; [Slack/str4d] It would be great to have more people be able to make these releases, particularly Maven 20:17:52 &lt;zzz&gt; ok, let's figure out how to make it happen faster next time 20:17:59 &lt;zzz&gt; 3) B-Sides NYC report (sadie, str4d) 20:18:19 &lt;zzz&gt; sadie, str4d, would you please give us a brief report, and also let us know the ETA for getting the full trip report posted? 20:18:47 &lt;i2pr&gt; [Slack/sadie] it went well - we have a blog post ready ( some trouble posting) 20:19:22 &lt;zzz&gt; that was... really brief... ETA for posting that? 20:19:34 &lt;i2pr&gt; [Slack/sadie] we worked on the roadmap, worked on the web site , and discussed ideas for outreach this year 20:20:11 &lt;i2pr&gt; [Slack/str4d] Website IA for navigation is in much better shape 20:20:25 &lt;i2pr&gt; [Slack/sadie] we are back in touch with Elio who made the new logo to begin sub page design 20:20:32 &lt;zzz&gt; IA? 20:20:40 &lt;i2pr&gt; [Slack/str4d] Information architecture 20:21:21 &lt;zzz&gt; sadie, str4d, ETA for posting the trip report? 20:21:30 &lt;i2pr&gt; [Slack/str4d] Blog post will be up as soon as the roadmap is 20:21:56 &lt;zzz&gt; ok. Anything else on 3) ? 20:22:45 &lt;zzz&gt; 4) FOSDEM report (echelon) 20:22:47 &lt;i2pr&gt; [Slack/str4d] tl;dr went well, worth doing again 20:22:58 &lt;zzz&gt; echelon, how did it go at FOSDEM, how was the I2P talk? 20:23:25 &lt;echelon&gt; fosdem is a nice big event with&gt;20 parallel tracks and thousands of visitors, all free to attend 20:23:34 &lt;manas&gt; wow nice 20:23:58 &lt;echelon&gt; fosdem itself is well managed and organized, but getting food takes a bit, also lots of talks are filled fast and not able to get in 20:24:23 &lt;echelon&gt; but all talks are streamed live and are pushed to youtube now and are online on fosdem page 20:24:49 &lt;echelon&gt; the i2p talk was a brief fast talk on what is i2p and what it differs to tor, not much more, time was short 20:25:09 &lt;zzz&gt; did you meet the guy? 20:25:20 &lt;echelon&gt; the author is a i2pd guy not much in contact here, but had a rather good insight view of the code, except for some wrong numbers 20:25:29 &lt;echelon&gt; audience was ~100-150 people, room was full 20:25:53 &lt;zzz&gt; great, glad you went 20:26:01 &lt;zzz&gt; anything else on 4) ? 20:26:01 &lt;echelon&gt; just 2 questions afterwrds, e.g. if java i2p really uses now 2-4GB and if it runs on a raspverry pi 20:26:17 &lt;echelon&gt; we should go 2019, too 20:26:43 &lt;echelon&gt; (I just brought home a cough, too bad) 20:26:53 &lt;orignal_&gt; how come we don't know this guy? 20:27:27 &lt;manas&gt; echelon: i brought home a nasty cough on the flight back here from 34c3 :) all good now 20:27:29 &lt;echelon&gt; he kept under the radar, but has push rights to git 20:27:49 &lt;orignal_&gt; manas where are you now? 20:27:51 &lt;zzz&gt; anything else on 4) ? 20:27:58 &lt;echelon&gt; not much talk done, as I was already down and time was a issue on sunday 20:28:29 &lt;orignal_&gt; push rights? I think only R4SAS, villain and psi have it 20:28:38 &lt;zzz&gt; 5) Status scrum (zlatinb) 20:28:45 &lt;zzz&gt; ok zab, the floor is yours 20:28:50 &lt;echelon&gt; he said, he pushed code toi2pd 20:28:59 &lt;echelon&gt; ok 20:29:08 &lt;zlatinb&gt; hello everyone.  Im happy to say that all proposals for compensation have been approved! 20:29:10 &lt;orignal_&gt; we will find him than 20:29:46 &lt;zlatinb&gt; lets go around the room and when your name is called out please give a short summary of what youre going to be working on for the next 6 months.  Please leave questions for later 20:29:55 &lt;zlatinb&gt; zzz you go first  20:30:52 &lt;zzz&gt; ok, the majority of my time is project management, bug fixes, and new code, but I plan to spend a significant amount of time on proposals and planning, as well as reading up on things 20:31:02 &lt;zzz&gt; so I'm smart enough to make some of the decisions we need to make 20:31:27 &lt;zzz&gt; most of you all know what I do, but that's a quick summary 20:31:39 &lt;zzz&gt; code code code, bugs bugs bugs, repeat 20:31:42 &lt;zzz&gt; EOT 20:31:56 &lt;zlatinb&gt; Thank you.  echelon , your turn 20:32:23 &lt;echelon&gt; ok, managing the funds, doing some pr, managing most of services, doing some trac work, walk out to conferences^^ 20:32:41 &lt;echelon&gt; eot 20:32:55 &lt;zlatinb&gt; str4d: go 20:33:04 &lt;i2pr&gt; [Slack/str4d] First dibs on my time will be writing and reviewing proposals, and managing the proposal process along with zzz to ensure we have high-quality proposal documents for the community. 20:33:33 &lt;i2pr&gt; [Slack/str4d] Second dibs will be drafting implementations of proposals in Java and Rust, and collaborating with people outside I2P on common components. 20:34:10 &lt;i2pr&gt; [Slack/str4d] Balance of my time will be on Maven, Android (bug fixes only), and I2P-Bote. 20:34:13 &lt;i2pr&gt; [Slack/str4d] EOT 20:34:53 &lt;zlatinb&gt; sadie, thanks for coming!  Tell us what youre going to do 20:35:20 &lt;zlatinb&gt; Sadie? 20:35:42 &lt;i2pr&gt; [Slack/str4d] You can't see the writing notification in shack 20:35:43 &lt;i2pr&gt; [Slack/sadie] Hi! I will be expanding my PR role - blog posts, console news.. 20:35:47 &lt;i2pr&gt; [Slack/str4d] Slack* 20:36:26 &lt;i2pr&gt; [Slack/sadie] also - trac triaging - improving our response times, helping users 20:37:13 &lt;i2pr&gt; [Slack/sadie] funding research, outreach to other projects and strategic partnerships. Finding more users and devs 20:37:35 &lt;i2pr&gt; [Slack/sadie] EOT 20:37:47 &lt;zlatinb&gt; Sounds great.  manas, your turn 20:37:52 &lt;manas&gt; hi 20:38:05 &lt;manas&gt; next 6 months: study java, i2p documentation & get familiar with codebase; study cryptography, anonymity, privacy & security - any recommendations for books/papers/etc related to these topics are welcome :) 20:38:10 &lt;manas&gt; i have some ideas for interesting artwork that could be used for i2p-branded stickers/shirts which i will also be looking into 20:38:14 &lt;manas&gt; current status: office space has been set up; networking stuff mostly done - one router requires a firmware upgrade, submitted a ticket. ready to get moving on all tasks. 20:38:16 &lt;manas&gt; eot 20:38:36 &lt;zlatinb&gt; great.  meeh and mhatta, are you here? 20:38:49 &lt;meeh&gt; I'm here 20:38:58 &lt;zlatinb&gt; shoot 20:39:01 &lt;manas&gt; hey meeh :) 20:39:05 &lt;meeh&gt; give me a moment to catch up 20:39:40 &lt;zlatinb&gt; were doing scrum, just give a short summary of what youre going to do the next 6 months 20:39:46 &lt;meeh&gt; gotcha 20:42:12 &lt;meeh&gt; next 6 months: complete as many scalatests (unittests) as possible for the core and router parts of i2p, probably others as well. also i2p for OSX needs improvements, where I will work on the launcher and update process, I'm also hoping to do improvements on docs/web, follow up as much as I can on trac wrt open issues of all kinds, and at last some research for new crypto / I2NP 20:42:45 &lt;zlatinb&gt; alright 20:44:39 &lt;zlatinb&gt; mhatta isnt here unfortunately, so that concludes the scrum 20:44:39 &lt;zlatinb&gt; before we baf the meeting I would like to offer chance to people to ask any questions to the other members of the team 20:44:40 &lt;zlatinb&gt; so if you have anything specific you want to ask regarding the goals - go! 20:44:40 &lt;zlatinb&gt; if not, falcon heavy launches in one minute :) 20:44:41 &lt;manas&gt; meeh: will you be looking into separating the tests which require network access from those that dont? 20:44:42 &lt;meeh&gt; I would like to ask for people to say if there is places that really needs tests - in prior to others. open for suggestions. 20:45:21 &lt;zzz&gt; manas and str4d are the best to discuss the tests 20:45:38 &lt;meeh&gt; manas: I would try to emulate/mock network as far as I can, I haven't made up any thoughts if I encounter a test on how to do it, but I can keep you informed :) 20:45:59 &lt;manas&gt; BobTheBuilder currently runs the ant tests with the torsocks wrapper. would be nice to be able to run tests requiring network independently from the rest 20:46:00 &lt;meeh&gt; s/test/a place where it's needed for a test/ 20:46:29 &lt;zzz&gt; zab we will need to discuss if we want to keep the scrum part of this meeting, or not, can do that in the coming weeks 20:46:30 &lt;meeh&gt; then I will look into that :) 20:46:33 &lt;meeh&gt; thanks for the adv. 20:46:45 &lt;zzz&gt; and is there a scrum before next month? 20:47:03 &lt;manas&gt; meeh: we'll discuss further, I will be looking into the tests as well :) 20:47:11 &lt;zlatinb&gt; right, so I would like a scrum with everyone every month 20:47:17 &lt;meeh&gt; I'm totally ok with it - I've still doing worse (each day 0930am) :p 20:47:19 &lt;zlatinb&gt; except manas who cannot make it due to time differences 20:47:44 &lt;zzz&gt; i am sure mhatta is in at least as bad a time zone 20:47:46 &lt;manas&gt; ya it's early here lol 20:47:47 &lt;zlatinb&gt; independently of that I will be meeting with those who work full time every week over irc/signal, etc. 20:47:56 &lt;manas&gt; mhatta may be in deep sleep 20:47:59 &lt;meeh&gt; I'll change timezone if needed in worst case :) 20:48:14 &lt;zzz&gt; the earliest I can pull the meeting in is another half hour, although after daylight savings probably I could do 7 PM UTC 20:48:25 &lt;zzz&gt; still not early enough for mhatta I'd guess 20:48:41 &lt;manas&gt; though once a month wouldn't be an issue. once a week could be 20:49:18 &lt;zzz&gt; I encourage everybody to be in IRC as often as possible. It's been awfully quiet here. This is the best place to get stuff done 20:49:25 &lt;zzz&gt; anything else on 5) ? 20:49:30 &lt;zlatinb&gt; ok, Im all done, thanks everyone 20:49:38 &lt;zzz&gt; anything else for the meeting? 20:50:08 &lt;meeh&gt; I'm here usually always - just been busy working myself out of my project @ dayjob. So I will be more active in time. 20:50:19 * zzz grabs the *baffer* 20:50:29 &lt;meeh&gt; I'm guessing to have a start date within the week zlatinb 20:50:56 &lt;zlatinb&gt; awesome 20:51:02 * zzz *bafs* the meeting closed </div>
