---
title: "I2P Dev Meeting - August 07, 2018"
date: 2018-08-07
author: "zzz"
description: "I2P development meeting log for August 07, 2018."
categories: ["meeting"]
---

## Quick recap

<p class="attendees-inline"><strong>Present:</strong> echelon, mikalv, villain, zlatinb, zzz</p>

## Meeting Log

<div class="irc-log"> 20:00:05 &lt;zzz&gt; 0) Hi 20:00:05 &lt;zzz&gt; 1) 0.9.36 status (zzz) 20:00:05 &lt;zzz&gt; 2) LS2 status (zzz) 20:00:05 &lt;zzz&gt; 3) Applications for bobthebuilder.i2p and paste.crypthost.i2p at http://zzz.i2p/posts/13897 20:00:05 &lt;zzz&gt; 4) Status scrum (zlatinb) 20:00:05 &lt;zzz&gt; 5) Reschedule Sept. 4 meeting (zzz) 20:00:10 &lt;zzz&gt; 0) Hi 20:00:12 &lt;zzz&gt; hi 20:00:21 &lt;zzz&gt; 1) 0.9.36 status (zzz) 20:00:27 &lt;zlatinb&gt; hi 20:00:29 &lt;villain&gt; hi all 20:00:34 &lt;zzz&gt; 6 weeks into the 36 cycle, 2 weeks to go 20:00:52 &lt;mikalv&gt; hi 20:00:53 &lt;zzz&gt; tag freeze is tomorrow; checkin deadline a week from friday; release week of aug. 20 20:01:18 &lt;zzz&gt; everybody please test. I'll mark the next version as -rc 20:01:31 &lt;zzz&gt; anything else on 1) ? 20:02:24 &lt;zzz&gt; 2) LS2 status (zzz) 20:02:30 &lt;zzz&gt; we had our 5th meeting yesterday 20:02:47 &lt;zzz&gt; going well, but going very slowly. The issues are complex and interrelated 20:03:11 &lt;zzz&gt; I updated the proposal (123) today, but it's still very rough 20:03:41 &lt;zzz&gt; we haven't even agreed on goals and priorities yet, so it's going to be a while, but I'm happy with the process 20:03:58 &lt;zzz&gt; all are welcome, next meeting is next monday, 6 PM UTC in #ls2 20:04:27 &lt;zzz&gt; anything else on 2) ? 20:05:13 &lt;zzz&gt; 3) Applications for bobthebuilder.i2p and paste.crypthost.i2p at http://zzz.i2p/posts/13897 20:05:25 &lt;zzz&gt; these are console home page requests 20:05:33 &lt;zzz&gt; is the applicant sl here? 20:06:07 &lt;zlatinb&gt; usually not as its late in $HOME 20:06:27 &lt;zzz&gt; anybody have any comments pro or con on adding these to the console home page? 20:07:06 &lt;zlatinb&gt; Im +1 on adding bob the builder, neutral on the new paste 20:07:13 &lt;zzz&gt; any objections? 20:07:31 &lt;mikalv&gt; I'm +1 for online services on the console 20:07:55 &lt;zzz&gt; doesn't hurt to have a second paste, especially since the one we have now has been offline for weeks at a time 20:08:15 &lt;zzz&gt; although it's been fairly reliable lately 20:08:40 &lt;zzz&gt; hearing no objections, I will add them to the console for 36 20:08:46 &lt;villain&gt; if there are dead links to remove, can add those links instead 20:08:50 &lt;zzz&gt; anything else on 3) ? 20:09:04 &lt;eche|on&gt; nope 20:09:11 &lt;zzz&gt; zerobin isn't dead, it just hasn't had the best uptime in the past 20:09:46 &lt;zzz&gt; 4) Status scrum (zlatinb) 20:09:49 &lt;zzz&gt; go zlatinb  20:10:31 &lt;zlatinb&gt; ok, were going to go around the room and when your name is called describe briefly 1) what youve been up to last month 2) what you plan to do next month 3) if youre blocked by anyone or need help 20:10:57 &lt;zlatinb&gt; were going to start with The New Kid - villain.  Since this is your first scrum, skip 1) and just go with 2) and 3) 20:11:09 &lt;zlatinb&gt; go villain  20:12:24 &lt;zlatinb&gt; villain you there?   20:12:34 &lt;villain&gt; learning java and monotone, plans to fix few more website tickets before 36 release, as zzz discussed with zzz. and learn more :) 20:13:00 &lt;villain&gt; no blockings at the moment 20:13:41 &lt;zlatinb&gt; great.  Usually we say EOT at the end of the report :) 20:13:48 &lt;villain&gt; now doing research on https://trac.i2p2.de/ticket/1583 20:13:57 &lt;villain&gt; EOT 20:13:59 &lt;villain&gt; heh 20:14:17 &lt;zlatinb&gt; thank you.  zzz youre next 20:14:37 &lt;zzz&gt; ok. last month was mostly polishing and testing ntcp2, with orignal's help 20:14:46 &lt;zzz&gt; starting up the LS2 research and meetings 20:14:59 &lt;zzz&gt; lots and lots of bug fixes of course 20:15:33 &lt;zzz&gt; next month will be getting the .36 release out, and continuing on LS2, bug fixes, etc 20:15:41 &lt;zzz&gt; also doing some code refactoring along the way 20:16:06 &lt;zzz&gt; hope to get to SSL wizard for non-jetty for 37. Sadly didnt' get to it for 36, it was too hard 20:16:13 &lt;zzz&gt; no blockers; EOT 20:17:14 &lt;eche|on&gt; ok, I did lots of forum admin work, some code testing, donations and account managing, going with this the next month, no blockers currently 20:17:20 &lt;eche|on&gt; uupos 20:17:40 &lt;zlatinb&gt; ok eche|on might as well go with you next :) 20:17:51 &lt;eche|on&gt; thats more or less all^^ 20:18:04 &lt;zlatinb&gt; ok cool 20:18:10 &lt;zlatinb&gt; mikalv: what about you? 20:18:14 &lt;mikalv&gt; Yea, well for me; Current; OSX Launcher beta for 0.9.36  Gonna; 1. Continue on the OSX launcher (making it pretty, some more features and work on stablility). 2. Hopefully help zzz with the LS2 research and impl. 3. Push out an test-MVP/alpha of a browser bundle.  20:18:23 &lt;mikalv&gt; 4. Continue my campain for no-single-person-of-failure where the core members which hosts core services give access to other core members as backup/fallback if someone goes missing so the project dont suffer more of such events. 20:18:28 &lt;mikalv&gt; Blocker; Hoping we could get the DNS control of i2p2.de from welt. 20:18:56 &lt;mikalv&gt; either me or eche|on, at least someone more active 20:19:09 &lt;zlatinb&gt; wow that was well-prepared, well done 20:19:25 &lt;zlatinb&gt; sadie mentioned she *might* be able to make it paging sadie 20:19:49 &lt;zlatinb&gt; str4d: any chance youre around? 20:19:53 &lt;eche|on&gt; Welt contacted me, I replied, no more answer from him 20:19:58 &lt;mikalv&gt; zlatinb: remember I've done this for two years each day before i2p now :p 20:20:41 &lt;mikalv&gt; I wish to get control of the DNS domain, so I can more freely change trac ip, and later on download 20:20:59 &lt;zlatinb&gt; Alex W. was around but just left so I guess thats everyone for the scrum 20:21:16 &lt;mikalv&gt; cause of situation, the old deperecated server reverse-proxy to the new trac :( 20:22:04 &lt;zzz&gt; 5) Reschedule Sept. 4 meeting (zzz) 20:22:08 &lt;zlatinb&gt; EOT 20:22:19 &lt;mikalv&gt; yea sorrry EOT 20:22:26 &lt;zzz&gt; ok I can't make Sept. 4 and I think some others can't either 20:22:46 &lt;zzz&gt; we could do Wed. Sept. 5 or Tues. Sept. 11? 20:23:01 &lt;zzz&gt; if the 11th, there would be only 3 weeks between that and the october 2 meeting 20:23:27 &lt;zlatinb&gt; Ill be on the road most of september so cant promise either the 5th or the 11th 20:23:27 &lt;zzz&gt; I want to put CCC on the agenda for the Sept. meeting, even though we made most of the decisions last december for funding 20:23:44 &lt;mikalv&gt; I think I can both, so for me it's ok 20:23:53 &lt;zzz&gt; eche|on, what about you? 20:24:12 &lt;eche|on&gt; 11th is not OK 20:24:30 &lt;zzz&gt; wed. 5th ok? 20:24:41 &lt;eche|on&gt; 5th seems to be ok  20:24:52 &lt;zzz&gt; ok, let's pencil it in for wed. the 5th 20:24:55 &lt;mikalv&gt; ok 20:25:02 &lt;zzz&gt; anything else on 5) ? 20:25:06 &lt;zzz&gt; anything else for the meeting? 20:25:51 * zzz grabs the baffer 20:26:40 * zzz *bafs* the meeting closed </div>
