---
title: "I2P Dev Meeting - March 06, 2018"
date: 2018-03-06
author: "zzz"
description: "I2P development meeting log for March 06, 2018."
categories: ["meeting"]
---

## Quick recap

<p class="attendees-inline"><strong>Present:</strong> echelon, meeh, psi, str4d, zlatinb, zzz</p>

## Meeting Log

<div class="irc-log"> 20:00:00 &lt;zzz&gt; 0) Hi 20:00:00 &lt;zzz&gt; 1) 0.9.33 remaining release items (f-droid.org, official Debian) (nextloop, mhatta) 20:00:00 &lt;zzz&gt; 2) 0.9.34 update (zzz) 20:00:00 &lt;zzz&gt; 3) Status scrum (zab) 20:00:04 &lt;zzz&gt; 0) Hi 20:00:06 &lt;zzz&gt; hi 20:00:17 &lt;zlatinb&gt; hi 20:00:20 &lt;zzz&gt; welcome to meeting 268 of this great 15-year-old project! 20:00:44 &lt;zzz&gt; 1) 0.9.33 remaining release items (f-droid.org, official Debian) (nextloop, mhatta) 20:01:03 &lt;zzz&gt; ok, nextloop did a PR for f-droid, it hasn't appeared yet, but hopefully will soon 20:01:30 &lt;zzz&gt; for Debian, we still haven't heard from mhatta, and we've missed the Bionic deadline 20:01:51 &lt;zzz&gt; anything else on 1) ? 20:03:01 &lt;zzz&gt; 2) 0.9.34 update (zzz) 20:03:37 &lt;zzz&gt; we're halfway through the scheduled 10-week cycle. I've set the checkin deadline for 4 1/2 weeks from now. Tag freeze in 3 weeks, release in 5 weeks 20:04:03 &lt;zzz&gt; we're at 16K lines of diff. The most notable change is part 2 of the susimail rework. The rest is fixes all over 20:04:28 &lt;zzz&gt; I encourage everyone in the team to fix a few tickets for the release, if at all possible 20:05:01 &lt;zzz&gt; we're past the 'big changes' deadline, but still hoping for various fixes to come in from everybody 20:05:21 &lt;zzz&gt; and of course, testing the dev builds is also everyone's job, please help out 20:05:31 &lt;zzz&gt; anything else on 2) ? 20:07:01 &lt;zzz&gt; 3) Status scrum (zab) all yours 20:07:04 &lt;eche|on&gt; not really 20:07:11 &lt;zlatinb&gt; Hi.  Were going to go all around the room and when your name is called please give a brief description of: 20:07:21 &lt;zlatinb&gt; 1) what have you been doing since the last scrum 20:07:29 &lt;zlatinb&gt; 2) what you plan to do the next month 20:07:44 &lt;zlatinb&gt; 3) are you blocked by anything or do you need help from someone 20:08:11 &lt;zlatinb&gt; Please wait until the scrum is finished if you feel you need to address a question or have a comment 20:08:21 &lt;zlatinb&gt; lets go - zzz kick it off 20:09:10 &lt;zzz&gt; ok. in addition to what I already said... I've been working on improving ssl support in the console and eepsites; upnp improvements; ipv6 fixes; and misc. refactoring 20:09:40 &lt;zzz&gt; I expect to continue on ssl and ipv6 in the coming month, as well as wrapping up other fixes for the release, which will be in early april 20:10:06 &lt;zzz&gt; I'm blocked on working on proposals, waiting to work with str4d 20:10:07 &lt;zzz&gt; EOT 20:10:41 &lt;zlatinb&gt; eche|on: please go ahead 20:11:07 &lt;eche|on&gt; ok, Ive been working on trac, forum and blog 20:11:28 &lt;eche|on&gt; next month this will go on, a bit more pr, update finances,... 20:11:39 &lt;eche|on&gt; currenly all ok, next week I am on travel 20:12:12 &lt;zlatinb&gt; great.  meeh are you here?  Can you give us an update? 20:12:38 &lt;meeh&gt; Yes, moment 20:13:45 &lt;meeh&gt; I've been working on the OSX launcher part cause it bugs the crap out of me since I'm on OSX, also - the last 1,5 day I've used on migrating the horrible sqlite db of ours (trac) to something that scales 20:13:53 &lt;meeh&gt; Trying to avoid that null byte issue 20:14:31 &lt;meeh&gt; Seem like I will get it working now once I've manually defined all tables up front in pgsql before I try to import (without tables then) 20:15:37 &lt;meeh&gt; And yea, I also might have something regarding git-&gt;monotone export 20:15:45 &lt;meeh&gt; That's all for me 20:16:22 &lt;zlatinb&gt; ok, not blocked on anything I take it? 20:16:46 &lt;meeh&gt; nope  20:16:50 &lt;meeh&gt; All fine :) 20:17:16 &lt;zlatinb&gt; excellent.  psi you wanna join the fun? 20:17:22 &lt;psi&gt; sure 20:17:28 &lt;psi&gt; let's see 20:17:47 &lt;psi&gt; 1) this is my first scrum for i2p  20:18:18 &lt;psi&gt; 2) this month i'll make libsam super shiny and awesome 20:18:32 &lt;psi&gt; possibly adding epoll/kqueue variant 20:18:57 &lt;psi&gt; 3) currently waiting for review on the PR i made on github for libsam 20:19:00 &lt;psi&gt; EOT 20:19:20 &lt;zlatinb&gt; good stuff 20:19:24 &lt;zlatinb&gt; str4d: are you here? 20:19:51 &lt;zlatinb&gt; sadie maybe you are? 20:20:09 &lt;zzz&gt; sadie told me she'd probably miss it 20:20:41 &lt;zlatinb&gt; and str4d seems away 20:20:55 &lt;zlatinb&gt; so that concludes the scrum I believe - manas is exempt and mhatta awol 20:21:20 &lt;zzz&gt; ok, anything else for 3)? anything else for the meeting? 20:21:34 &lt;zlatinb&gt; now, does anyone have any questions or comments on anything that was brought up during the scrum? 20:21:41 &lt;meeh&gt; I got a question regarding oracle, license, and us whenever it's q/a time 20:21:54 &lt;zlatinb&gt; (this is the blocker/blockee part) 20:22:05 &lt;zlatinb&gt; meeh: ok we can chat after the meeting 20:22:43 &lt;zzz&gt; I'll just add that I'm blocked on all the possible packaging changes and improvements by mhatta 20:23:12 &lt;zzz&gt; and on the Tails startup notification feature, ditto 20:24:22 &lt;zlatinb&gt; ok.  That concludes 3) I think 20:24:33 &lt;zzz&gt; ok, anything else for the meeting? 20:25:02 * zzz grabs the baffer 20:25:27 &lt;i2pr&gt; [Slack/str4d] Here 20:25:38 * zzz puts down the baffer 20:25:38 &lt;zlatinb&gt; ohai 20:25:39 &lt;i2pr&gt; [Slack/str4d] Sorry for delay, internet issues again 20:26:13 &lt;zlatinb&gt; so yeah, briefly 1) what you did 2) going to do 3) blocked / need help? 20:27:58 &lt;i2pr&gt; [Slack/str4d] 1) bug fixing, release work, router console UI patchset, Android work & signing key delegation, ticket triage, XRDS article 20:29:14 &lt;i2pr&gt; [Slack/str4d] Oh, and collaboration with Ura 20:29:24 &lt;i2pr&gt; [Slack/str4d] (plus usual meetings etc.) 20:31:40 &lt;i2pr&gt; [Slack/str4d] 2) Migrate all proposals to new forum, finish up NTCP Noise draft as a new proposal, Tor Dev meeting, sync w/ Ura, sync w/ dawuud on SPHINCS, possibly paper review, revisions on XRDS article, ticket triage 20:34:49 &lt;zlatinb&gt; are you blocked on anything or need help from someone? 20:34:50 &lt;i2pr&gt; [Slack/str4d] 3) Nothing right now, but outreach to people interested in reviewing things 20:35:07 &lt;i2pr&gt; [Slack/str4d] Oh, mailing list 20:35:20 &lt;zzz&gt; ok, anything else for 3)? anything else for the meeting? 20:36:03 * zzz grabs the baffer again 20:36:23 &lt;zzz&gt; zab I like the 1-2-3, that worked well 20:37:01 * zzz **bafs** the meeting closed </div>
