---
title: "I2P Dev Meeting - June 05, 2018"
date: 2018-06-05
author: "zzz"
description: "I2P development meeting log for June 05, 2018."
categories: ["meeting"]
---

## Quick recap

<p class="attendees-inline"><strong>Present:</strong> echelon, obscuratus, zlatinb, zzz</p>

## Meeting Log

<div class="irc-log"> 20:00:00 &lt;zzz&gt; 0) Hi 20:00:00 &lt;zzz&gt; 1) 0.9.34 F-Droid status (str4d, meeh, nextloop) 20:00:00 &lt;zzz&gt; 2) 0.9.35 update (zzz) 20:00:00 &lt;zzz&gt; 3) NTCP2 update (zzz) 20:00:00 &lt;zzz&gt; 4) Status scrum (zab) 20:00:03 &lt;zzz&gt; 0) Hi 20:00:05 &lt;zzz&gt; hi 20:00:12 &lt;zzz&gt; 1) 0.9.34 F-Droid status (str4d, meeh, nextloop) 20:00:20 &lt;zzz&gt; anybody heard from nextloop?  20:00:30 &lt;eche|on&gt; nope 20:01:22 &lt;zzz&gt; I'll try to find him on twitter, but for now F-droid is still out of date 20:01:27 &lt;zzz&gt; 2) 0.9.35 update (zzz) 20:01:54 &lt;zzz&gt; ok 35 is going well. we pushed the release out one week. tag freeze in a week, checkin deadline in 2 1/2 weeks 20:02:00 &lt;zzz&gt; release in about 3 weeks 20:02:15 &lt;zzz&gt; anything else on 2) ? 20:02:40 &lt;eche|on&gt; not yet 20:03:07 &lt;zzz&gt; 3) NTCP2 update (zzz) 20:03:37 &lt;zzz&gt; we're still holding weekly meetings, but we're almost done with those. the proposal is pretty solid, but there are still changes coming (probably) so it isn't final yet 20:04:00 &lt;zzz&gt; I have a test router up on the network. The plan is to ship support in .36, disabled by default, and enable it in .37 20:04:28 &lt;eche|on&gt; just read a tweet of orignal doing some ntcp2 for i2pd 20:04:37 &lt;zzz&gt; we plan to use the same meeting and decision process for the LS2 proposal, starting soon 20:04:43 &lt;zzz&gt; yeah, all the action is in #ntcp2 20:04:51 &lt;eche|on&gt; ok 20:04:58 &lt;zzz&gt; anything else on 3) ? 20:05:18 &lt;eche|on&gt; will .37 be ready to use ntcp2? 20:05:40 &lt;eche|on&gt; thats end of 2018 20:05:48 &lt;zzz&gt; right, we'll do testing in 36 with people that manually enable it. Then enable it by default in 37 20:05:53 &lt;zlatinb&gt; another q : any plans to release a bob-only mode in .36 for example? 20:06:03 &lt;zzz&gt; right. 37 maybe in November 20:06:04 &lt;zlatinb&gt; or bob-only in .35 for easier testing? 20:06:14 &lt;zzz&gt; what does bob-only mean? 20:06:28 &lt;zlatinb&gt; only incoming tcp connections 20:06:45 &lt;zzz&gt; oh, receive only? yeah that's not a bad idea. Not for 35 though.  20:06:53 &lt;obscuratus&gt; Can I start testing ntcp2 on my testing network? 20:06:54 &lt;zzz&gt; depends how much testing we get in the 36 cycle 20:07:14 &lt;zzz&gt; obscuratus, no, the full support won't be checked in until after the 35 release. It's still in development 20:07:29 &lt;eche|on&gt; I assume quite fast after .35 release the code will be moved into trunk 20:07:32 &lt;zzz&gt; what's in 35 now is just stubs 20:07:36 &lt;zzz&gt; correct eche|on  20:08:05 &lt;zzz&gt; anything else on 3) ? 20:09:01 &lt;zzz&gt; 4) Status scrum (zlatinb) 20:09:03 &lt;zzz&gt; go zlatinb  20:09:33 &lt;zlatinb&gt; hi,  Lets do the usual : 1. what youve been up to the last month 2. what you plan to do next month 3. are you blocked by anyone or need any help 20:09:36 &lt;zlatinb&gt; zzz go first 20:09:44 &lt;zzz&gt; ok 20:10:13 &lt;zzz&gt; I've been about equal parts NTCP2, bug fixes, and wrapping up some new features for 35 (ssl wizard and susimail folders) 20:10:48 &lt;zzz&gt; I expect next month to be NTCP2, bug fixes, the 35 release which always takes a lot of time, and starting on LS2 20:11:01 &lt;zzz&gt; no blockers; EOT 20:11:22 &lt;zlatinb&gt; thx.  eche|on ? 20:11:37 &lt;eche|on&gt; lots of IRC, forum, managing the funds, working on cryptocurrency system 20:11:54 &lt;eche|on&gt; ongoing this work, no blocker yet, except holidays ^^ 20:12:12 &lt;zlatinb&gt; ok.  str4d are you here? 20:12:40 &lt;zlatinb&gt; looks like no.  meeh are you here? 20:13:18 &lt;zlatinb&gt; looks like no.  sadie cant make it, mhatta and slumlord are not here either 20:13:26 &lt;zlatinb&gt; well thats about it 20:13:36 &lt;zlatinb&gt; eot 20:13:36 &lt;eche|on&gt; holiday time has hit us.. 20:13:44 &lt;eche|on&gt; baffer? 20:13:46 &lt;zzz&gt; ok, anybody have anything else for the meeting? 20:14:31 &lt;zzz&gt; yeah it's baffer time 20:14:52 &lt;zzz&gt; short meeting, but there's lots happening, all good 20:14:59 * zzz *bafs* the meeting closed 20:15:01 &lt;zzz&gt; thanks everybody </div>
