---
title: "I2P Dev Meeting - October 02, 2018"
date: 2018-10-02
author: "zzz"
description: "I2P development meeting log for October 02, 2018."
categories: ["meeting"]
---

## Quick recap

<p class="attendees-inline"><strong>Present:</strong> alex, anonymousmaybe, DogeDollars, echelon, villain, zlatinb, zzz</p>

## Meeting Log

<div class="irc-log"> 20:00:00 &lt;zzz&gt; 0) Hi 20:00:00 &lt;zzz&gt; 1) 0.9.37 dev status (zzz) 20:00:00 &lt;zzz&gt; 2) LS2 status (zzz) 20:00:00 &lt;zzz&gt; 3) Status scrum (zlatinb) 20:00:03 &lt;zzz&gt; 0) Hi 20:00:05 &lt;zzz&gt; Hi 20:00:11 &lt;zlatinb&gt; hi 20:00:17 &lt;zzz&gt; 1) 0.9.37 dev status (zzz) 20:00:41 &lt;zzz&gt; as most of you know, we pulled in the 37 release a couple weeks. Checkin deadline was yesterday, release will be thursday 20:00:57 &lt;zzz&gt; there's very little in it other than enabling NTCP2 by default 20:01:28 &lt;zzz&gt; OSX launcher won't be ready for the release, but we're seeing really good progress on it 20:01:54 &lt;zzz&gt; if all goes well, this will be our last release of the year. We have the holidays and CCC, and expect 38 in january 20:01:59 &lt;zzz&gt; anything else on 1) ? 20:02:30 &lt;villain&gt; hi guys 20:02:43 &lt;zzz&gt; 2) LS2 status (zzz) 20:02:59 &lt;zzz&gt; we've had 12 meetings over the last 3 months and we're making slow but steady progress 20:03:39 &lt;zzz&gt; we have a good understanding on what's needed for new crypto, and have agreed to most of the generic issues on how to add new crypto and get new LSes in and out of the netdb 20:03:40 &lt;eche|on&gt; hi 20:04:16 &lt;eche|on&gt; sounds great so far 20:04:17 &lt;zzz&gt; we'll continue to work on related issues such as encrypted leasesets and massive multihoming, as well as start to discuss specifics for particular new crypto choices 20:04:51 &lt;zzz&gt; I expect the LS2 meetings will continue for some time, so if you're interested please join in the discussions 20:05:02 &lt;zzz&gt; anything else on 2) ? 20:05:14 &lt;eche|on&gt; good to see some progress 20:06:14 &lt;zzz&gt; 3) Status scrum (zlatinb) 20:06:18 &lt;zzz&gt; all yours zab 20:06:44 &lt;zlatinb&gt; alright lets do the scrum, the usual 1) what youve been doing last month 2) what youre going to do next month 3) any blockers? 20:07:02 &lt;zlatinb&gt; villain: this would be your first real scrum I think, so you go first :) 20:08:23 &lt;zlatinb&gt; villain? 20:08:26 &lt;villain&gt; ok, 1) released asyncio SAM library https://github.com/l-n-s/i2plib and it's documentation, made a GUI filesharing application with it https://github.com/l-n-s/QuickShare, learned how JSP works in RouterConsole, made a first release of rpm package for CentOS and Fedora and set up a COPR repo for rpm packages https://copr.fedorainfracloud.org/coprs/supervillain/I2P/ 20:08:56 &lt;zlatinb&gt; ok well get back to you.  zzz how about you go first instead 20:08:59 &lt;eche|on&gt; 1) server maintenance, cover the server outakes, managing finances 2) going on this work, getting new stickers, 3) no blockers so far :-) 20:09:04 &lt;villain&gt; 2) making Fedora package use system libraries, work on a better Router Console design after the release, publishing an article about I2P application development via SAM API 20:09:09 &lt;zlatinb&gt; oops sorry 20:09:12 &lt;eche|on&gt; uups 20:09:29 &lt;villain&gt; 3) need to do something with Jetty dependency in Fedora, since we only support v9.2 and Fedora has v9.4 20:09:39 &lt;DogeDollars&gt; lol 20:10:03 &lt;zzz&gt; yay parallel scrum 20:10:11 &lt;zzz&gt; for me: 20:10:12 &lt;villain&gt; :D 20:10:39 &lt;eche|on&gt; villain: about jetty, needs more work, afaik they changed some apis in between 20:10:44 &lt;zzz&gt; 1) lots of minor NTCP2 bug fixes that appeared since the 36 release, thanks to all the testers 20:11:11 &lt;zzz&gt; getting ready for the 37 release, testing OSX installer, other bug fixes and research, LS2 research 20:11:42 &lt;zzz&gt; 2) 37 release, starting serious work on migrating to new geoip database format, more LS2, more bug fixes, working with the PR/UI teams on console ideas 20:12:23 &lt;zzz&gt; 3) no blockers... also note, due to some personal obligations, I'm only working about half time last month and next 20:12:24 &lt;zzz&gt; EOT 20:12:52 &lt;zlatinb&gt; alright, eche|on ? 20:12:59 &lt;eche|on&gt; 1) server maintenance, cover the server outakes, managing finances 2) going on this work, getting new stickers, 3) no blockers so far :-) 20:13:22 &lt;zlatinb&gt; great thanks 20:13:33 &lt;zlatinb&gt; alex_the_designer: since you just joined, its our monthly scrum 20:13:46 &lt;alex_the_designer&gt; howdy! 20:13:55 &lt;zlatinb&gt; wanna tell us 1) what youve been up to last month 2) what youre going to do next month 3) do you have any blockers 20:15:04 &lt;alex_the_designer&gt; 1 . i've been streaming on fridays. during that time i've been making incremental progress on the website update. i also created a survey to help us with branding & design.  20:16:15 &lt;alex_the_designer&gt; 2. i'll continue streaming, but i am going to try to wrap up web dev outside of the stream. i'm also a bit overdue on the revamped whitepaper. i want to land at least an outline and rough draft by end-of-month 20:17:22 &lt;alex_the_designer&gt; 3. the only blocker atm is a bit of lack of knowledge on how the current web framework generates paths. not earth shattering, just requires more doc reading and fumbling 20:18:28 &lt;zlatinb&gt; ok, Ill talk about the survey a bit more after the scrum.  Thank you 20:18:32 &lt;zlatinb&gt; meeh: are you here? 20:20:10 &lt;zlatinb&gt; meeh? 20:21:00 &lt;zlatinb&gt; feel free to give your 1-2-3s whenever you come around 20:21:20 &lt;zlatinb&gt; thats EOT for the scrum, but Id like to talk a bit about Alexs survey 20:21:27 &lt;zzz&gt; go ahead 20:22:17 &lt;zlatinb&gt; to everyone in the channel, please give this survey some thought and fill it out.  It is hosted on google forms, but (unless you do something stupid) it isnt possible to correlate your google id with your I2P persona 20:22:46 &lt;zlatinb&gt; here is the link: https://docs.google.com/forms/d/e/1FAIpQLSdVCHXXBnHOrPpR6RH2DkCf3Q4W1kPBpg0QWToxfday0xqNAg/viewform 20:23:14 &lt;zlatinb&gt; alex_the_designer: please say a few words about how this survey will help you with the creative process 20:23:21 &lt;alex_the_designer&gt; certainly! 20:24:14 &lt;alex_the_designer&gt; so from the basics, it's important to understand the differences between how we, as internal maintainers perceive the utility of the system and our presentation as a brand versus how the users perceive the utility of the system and their identity as humans 20:24:41 &lt;alex_the_designer&gt; that's pretty deep, but there are some really straightforward things we can use 20:25:22 &lt;villain&gt; oh that makes sense 20:25:25 &lt;alex_the_designer&gt; for example, if we find that a lot of people have an aggressive stance, we can use basic color theory to know that fiery colors (reds, yellows, oranges) make sense 20:25:34 &lt;anonymousmaybe&gt; seriously? "what things should i2p consider to decide who i2p is for?" 20:25:55 &lt;alex_the_designer&gt; all of the questions are serious anon :D 20:26:19 &lt;villain&gt; i just didn't understand, are those questions personal or related to the project vision 20:26:48 &lt;villain&gt; will fill it soon 20:27:02 &lt;alex_the_designer&gt; it's important to talk a bit about yourself and your values and your ideals for the project 20:27:31 &lt;anonymousmaybe&gt; alex_the_designer yeah that one kinda bad , because I2P for everyone no question about it  20:27:46 &lt;alex_the_designer&gt; there is an implicit assumption there that who we are and what we do are not compartmentalized, but rather feed off one another :D 20:28:36 &lt;anonymousmaybe&gt; i like compartmentalization , thats why i use Qubes :p 20:28:42 &lt;alex_the_designer&gt; anon to say it is for everyone is not wholly correct is it? 20:28:57 &lt;alex_the_designer&gt; surveillance states for ex :D 20:29:48 &lt;zzz&gt; anything else re: the survey? 20:29:52 &lt;alex_the_designer&gt; universality can be an outcome though, so if you feel strongly about it, please do write about it :D 20:30:10 &lt;zlatinb&gt; not from me (re: survey) 20:30:25 &lt;zzz&gt; anything else for the meeting? 20:30:51 &lt;anonymousmaybe&gt; zzz any consideration for sandboxing i2p? 20:30:54 &lt;alex_the_designer&gt; i would just say that your efforts in the survey are deeply appreciated. i know it is rather long 20:31:16 &lt;zzz&gt; thanks for doing this alex 20:31:30 &lt;anonymousmaybe&gt; alex_the_designer yeah will do the fill up  20:31:46 &lt;zzz&gt; anonymousmaybe, not that I know of, and I'm the wrong guy to ask, but you could bring it up in this channel after the meeting 20:31:50 &lt;zzz&gt; anything else for the meeting? 20:32:16 * zzz grabs the baffer 20:33:00 * zzz *baffffs* the meeting closed </div>
