---
title: "I2P Dev Meeting - March 05, 2019"
date: 2019-03-05
author: "zzz"
description: "I2P development meeting log for March 05, 2019."
categories: ["meeting"]
---

## Quick recap

<p class="attendees-inline"><strong>Present:</strong> picklerick, R4SAS, sadie, tini2p, zlatinb, zzz</p>

## Meeting Log

<div class="irc-log"> 20:00:00 &lt;zzz&gt; 0) Hi 20:00:00 &lt;zzz&gt; 1) 0.9.39 dev status (zzz) 20:00:00 &lt;zzz&gt; 2) LS2 status (zzz) 20:00:00 &lt;zzz&gt; 3) Status scrum (zlatinb) 20:00:04 &lt;zzz&gt; 0) Hi 20:00:05 &lt;zzz&gt; hi 20:00:14 &lt;sadie__&gt; hi 20:00:14 &lt;zzz&gt; 1) 0.9.39 dev status (zzz) 20:00:32 &lt;zzz&gt; it's been a busy release cycle, lot of changes coming for 39 20:00:47 &lt;zzz&gt; performance improvements, more work on LS2, the addition of i2pcontrol 20:00:48 &lt;zlatinb&gt; hi 20:01:09 &lt;zzz&gt; lots of bug fixes 20:01:37 &lt;zzz&gt; release will be in two weeks, if we can get a couple of final decisions done for encrypted ls2 that are still pending 20:02:04 &lt;zzz&gt; and I think we'll have new home page icons? sadie__ they going to make it in? 20:02:16 &lt;sadie__&gt; yes 20:02:34 &lt;zzz&gt; great. 20:03:01 &lt;zzz&gt; I know that meeh is trying to fix the android bote issue, if it's on the router side, which we don't know yet 20:03:20 &lt;R4SAS&gt; zzz: i have little question about translations, ask it later? 20:03:33 &lt;zzz&gt; and he's working on some improvements with the OSX launcher for 39 also 20:03:44 &lt;zzz&gt; yes R4SAS lets wait until after the meeting 20:03:51 &lt;R4SAS&gt; kk 20:04:27 &lt;zzz&gt; 38 is running smoothly and we've fixed a lot of LS2 bugs for 39 20:05:08 &lt;zzz&gt; the 8 week release cycle is pretty quick and we're racing to get everything done, but for now we're on track, barely 20:05:21 &lt;zzz&gt; anything else for 1) ? 20:06:12 &lt;zzz&gt; 2) LS2 status (zzz) 20:06:22 &lt;zzz&gt; we finished our 30th meeting yesterday 20:06:36 &lt;zzz&gt; "regular" LS2 testing is going well 20:07:01 &lt;zzz&gt; we're finishing up the encrypted LS2 spec, and have a new proposal 146 up that defines the signing/verifying part of it 20:07:42 &lt;zzz&gt; everything meta-ls2 is pushed to 40. Encrypted LS2 was way harder to come to agreement on, and get it working,we had no time left for meta 20:08:01 &lt;zzz&gt; meetings are still every monday, 7:30 PM UTC in #ls2 20:08:06 &lt;zzz&gt; all are welcome 20:08:58 &lt;zzz&gt; encrypted ls2 is very nice, in that the floodfills can't see the leasesets, so it prevents some simple scraping by the floodfills 20:09:34 &lt;zzz&gt; getting ls2 support out the floodfills makes it much easier for us to test and fix bugs. 20:09:53 &lt;zzz&gt; once it's all working, we'll expose the options in the UI so people can start using it 20:10:29 &lt;zzz&gt; any questions on LS2 (proposal 123) or related? 20:10:52 &lt;R4SAS&gt; yeah, ls2 enc 3 already works 20:11:44 &lt;zzz&gt; type 3 works, yes. However without new encryption, it's not that helpful. Encryption proposals are 144 and 145; we haven't gotten very far on them yet 20:11:44 &lt;tini2p&gt; will the blinding in encls2 be independent of key/curve type, i.e. ed25519, curve25519, red25519? 20:12:33 &lt;zzz&gt; blinding is defined for specific curves. We're definiing it for two inpug types (ed25519 and red25519) and one blinded type (red25519) 20:12:46 &lt;zzz&gt; but we're designing everything so we can change our mind later, or add new types 20:13:41 &lt;zzz&gt; so it's for a particular sig type -&gt; sig type combination 20:13:47 &lt;tini2p&gt; awesome, thanks zzz 20:13:58 &lt;zzz&gt; anything else on 2) ? 20:14:50 &lt;zzz&gt; 3) Status scrum (zlatinb) 20:14:54 &lt;zzz&gt; take it away zlatinb  20:14:59 &lt;zlatinb&gt; Hi, well do the scrum in parallel.  Please say: 1) what youve been up to the last month 2) what you plan to do next month 3) if you have any blockers or need help.  When youre done, say EOT 20:16:24 &lt;zzz&gt; 1) LS2 work, bug fixes, performance improvements, added i2pcontrol, removed themes, NTCP1 disable option, fix SSU disable option,apparmor fixes 20:16:36 &lt;zlatinb&gt; me: 1) Work on zero-dependency installer - available in the lab.  Jogger tix - most are done or have a determination.  Arctic proxies - lots of analysis, some bugs in i2p were found as result. 2) more network analysis 3) No blockers. EOT 20:17:05 &lt;zzz&gt; 1b) multi-outproxy improvements 20:17:42 &lt;sadie__&gt; This month: UI/ UX improvements, making connections for IFF, funding proposal, narrative, user research. Next month, Internet Freedom Festival, continue UX/ UI work, website improvements, documentation updates. EOT 20:18:16 &lt;zzz&gt; 2) LS2 (encrypted/meta), 39 release, hopefully work on fixing the signed windows installer, debian fixes with mhatta 20:18:38 &lt;zzz&gt; 3) no blockers, EOT 20:19:42 &lt;zlatinb&gt; Anyone else?  If not, scrum is over in 60s. 20:20:30 &lt;tini2p&gt; 1) working on implementing generic wrappers for potential ecies-x25519, and consolidating common i2p data structures, replacing crypto++ w/ libsodium. 2) implement red25519 + encls2, and start on netdb. 3) can't think of any atm, will check in. EOT 20:20:56 * zlatinb resets 60s timeout 20:21:37 &lt;zzz&gt; ha, we have a volunteer scrummer 20:21:50 &lt;tini2p&gt; :) 20:22:17 &lt;zzz&gt; where might we find your work tini2p? 20:22:45 &lt;zlatinb&gt; TimeoutException 20:22:52 &lt;zlatinb&gt; ScrumTimeoutException :) 20:23:04 &lt;tini2p&gt; https://gitlab.com/tini2p/tini2p 20:23:09 &lt;zzz&gt; ok I guess that's it for 3), thanks zlatinb  20:23:21 &lt;zzz&gt; thanks tini2p hopefully some people will take a look 20:23:27 &lt;tini2p&gt; big pr coming from tune branch 20:23:34 &lt;zzz&gt; anything else for the meeting? 20:23:51 &lt;zzz&gt; any questions or comments? 20:24:10 &lt;picklerick&gt; what would be the requirements for contributing a new transport? 20:24:53 &lt;zzz&gt; I guess for starters, write it up as a proposal 20:25:04 &lt;picklerick&gt; okay 20:25:46 &lt;zzz&gt; put it in rst markdown, you can get the format from one of the existing ones, find the source in our i2p.www branch on github 20:26:11 &lt;picklerick&gt; oh you guys are on github now? 20:26:19 &lt;picklerick&gt; thank goodness, I hate monotone with a passion 20:26:20 &lt;zzz&gt; I'd like to start a "SSU2" proposal someday, maybe later this year 20:26:36 &lt;picklerick&gt; zzz: if you want, I would love to consult on it 20:26:42 &lt;zzz&gt; we've been mirrored on gitbhub for years, so you can always use that to get files if you like 20:26:46 &lt;zzz&gt; we don't take GH PRs though 20:26:56 &lt;tini2p&gt; +1 20:27:19 &lt;zzz&gt; picklerick, feel free to join us in #ls2, we're not talking about transports now, but we could always use some more brainpower 20:27:33 &lt;zzz&gt; anything else for the meeting? 20:28:00 * zzz grabs the baffer 20:29:05 * zzz *bafs* the meeting closed </div>
