---
title: "I2P Dev Meeting - August 06, 2019"
date: 2019-08-06
author: "zzz"
description: "I2P development meeting log for August 06, 2019."
categories: ["meeting"]
---

## Quick recap

<p class="attendees-inline"><strong>Present:</strong> mikalv, zlatinb, zzz</p>

## Meeting Log

<div class="irc-log"> 20:00:00 &lt;zzz&gt; 0) Hi 20:00:00 &lt;zzz&gt; 1) 0.9.41 release status remaining items (mhatta, nextloop) 20:00:00 &lt;zzz&gt; 2) 0.9.42 development status (zzz) 20:00:00 &lt;zzz&gt; 3) LS2 status (zzz) 20:00:00 &lt;zzz&gt; 4) I2P Browser "labs" project status (meeh) 20:00:00 &lt;zzz&gt; 5) Status scrum (zlatinb) 20:00:04 &lt;zzz&gt; 0) Hi 20:00:07 &lt;zzz&gt; hi! 20:00:19 &lt;zzz&gt; 1) 0.9.41 release status remaining items (mhatta, nextloop) 20:00:46 &lt;zzz&gt; within the last couple weeks, I see that mhatta did get 41 into sid, which is great 20:01:04 &lt;zzz&gt; I talked to nextloop also, he didn't get 41 into fdroid, but somebody else did. 20:01:27 &lt;zzz&gt; and nextloop promised to get back to doing f-droid going forward. super! 20:01:31 &lt;zzz&gt; anything else on 1) ? 20:01:50 &lt;zzz&gt; anybody else here? please say hi 20:01:58 &lt;zlatinb&gt; hi 20:02:37 &lt;zzz&gt; ok, one other. Hopefully everybody else shows up soon 20:02:50 &lt;zzz&gt; 2) .42 dev status 20:03:02 &lt;zzz&gt; we're 5 weeks in, 3 weeks to go, 1 week to tag freeze 20:03:20 &lt;zzz&gt; we landed the configuration splitting code I worked on with idk 20:03:58 &lt;zzz&gt; lots of bug fixes; GMP 6.1.2; updated the debian files to work for buster 20:04:17 &lt;zzz&gt; some ls2 fixes also 20:04:39 &lt;zzz&gt; zlatinb, you want to mention what you're doing with your test net, and what it's yielded so far? 20:05:11 &lt;zlatinb&gt; yes, so basically I set up a testnet with LXC containers 20:05:32 &lt;zlatinb&gt; so far it has discovered one major bug around bloom filter usage and one minor ssu bug 20:05:58 &lt;zlatinb&gt; been doing fine-tuning of different constants lately, but will put it to work to verify joggers patches/ideas 20:06:06 &lt;zlatinb&gt; eot 20:06:23 &lt;zzz&gt; that's really great, thanks 20:07:04 &lt;zzz&gt; if we can get some minimal latency added in that would be even better, but it's been fun to find and fix some bottlenecks 20:07:15 &lt;zzz&gt; anything else on 1) ? 20:07:30 &lt;zzz&gt; woops, anything else on 2) ? 20:08:27 &lt;zzz&gt; 3) ls2 status 20:08:38 &lt;zzz&gt; lots of progress in the last month 20:09:05 &lt;zzz&gt; we've agreed to a small proposal, 147, to prevent test networks from cross-contaminating with the main network 20:09:12 &lt;zzz&gt; that code will be in .42 20:09:45 &lt;zzz&gt; chisana has two proposals out, 152 and 153, to make tunnel building and tunnel encryption (respectively) more secure by using more modern encryption 20:10:14 &lt;zzz&gt; we've talked about them a little, but haven't formally reviewed them yet 20:10:47 &lt;zzz&gt; proposal 123 (LS2) continues to get some minor tweaks as we finish implementation and testing in the live network, but everything seems to be working well 20:11:26 &lt;zzz&gt; the big one is proposal 144, new encryption. We're making slow but steady progress. We've been at it for maybe 9 months now? 20:11:58 &lt;zzz&gt; there are still some major techincal issues to resolve before we can start test implementations 20:12:20 &lt;zzz&gt; the biggest problem right now is finding enough of people's time to work things through 20:12:46 &lt;zzz&gt; any questions on 3) ls2 and other proposals ? 20:13:47 &lt;zzz&gt; ok, on to 4) I2P Browser labs project status 20:13:54 &lt;zzz&gt; mikalv, what's the latest? 20:14:16 &lt;mikalv&gt; we're moving towards a integration with the i2p router itself, jlinked 20:14:38 &lt;mikalv&gt; on the i2pbutton side of this, we're more or less done, a few things left to fix 20:15:15 &lt;mikalv&gt; on the build scripts, we have to write it, since the devs has used a mocked extract of i2p jlinked where the browser starts it, for testing 20:15:48 &lt;zzz&gt; what's the current beta version, and when will we see the next beta version? 20:15:52 &lt;mikalv&gt; beyond that we try to have at least two meetings a week to make it a real product and with clear goals 20:16:24 &lt;mikalv&gt; the current is still beta4, and I'm hoping to get beta5 out by the end of this week - if so, with the router embedded 20:17:27 &lt;zzz&gt; I understand you've started a mailing list for it? would you like to announce it here or is it not ready yet? 20:18:09 &lt;zzz&gt; sadie, zlatinb, anything you want to add about the browser 20:18:20 &lt;zzz&gt; ? 20:19:36 &lt;zzz&gt; anybody have any questions on 4) the browser? 20:20:21 &lt;zzz&gt; anything else on 4) ? 20:21:10 &lt;zzz&gt; 5) scrum - take it away zlatinb  20:22:02 &lt;zlatinb&gt; lets do the scrum in parallel; in a few words - 1) what have you been working since last scrum 2) what you plan to work on next month 3) do you have any blockers or do you need help.  Say EOT when done 20:22:34 &lt;zlatinb&gt; me: 1) building a testnet, chasing bottlenecks 2) more testnet, will also take a look at joggers tickets 3) none really EOT 20:23:34 &lt;zzz&gt; 1) 41 release, config splitting code, bug fixes, proposals, planning for new encryption types, ls2 fixes 20:24:10 &lt;zzz&gt; 2) 42 release, bug fixes, proposals (especially research on new encryption issues), DEFCON 20:24:16 &lt;zzz&gt; 3) no blockers; EOT 20:25:18 &lt;mikalv&gt; I've been working mainly on the browser (including i2pbutton which now launches a router if found), I've also done huge improvements in my end for the outproxy, I've also started prototyping a solution for private outproxies which has so good speed I can actually use it for clearnet browsing on daily basis 20:25:53 &lt;mikalv&gt; and I've also put up mailinglists yes, which over I2P is found at https://lists.i2p/postorius/lists/ but also available from clearnet at https://lists.i2p.email/postorius/lists/ 20:26:20 &lt;mikalv&gt; anyone with constructive ideas, contribution, discussions and such are of course welcome 20:26:57 &lt;mikalv&gt; beyond that I've done some research into how we can accept creditcard donations, and how we also can sell shirs and such at the same time 20:27:10 &lt;mikalv&gt; EOT 20:27:12 &lt;mikalv&gt; noblock 20:28:14 &lt;zzz&gt; guess that's it? zlatinb we'll leave it to you to flog the no-shows? 20:28:17 &lt;zlatinb&gt; anyone else?  if not scrum ends in 1 minute :) 20:28:27 &lt;zlatinb&gt; ok 20:28:33 &lt;zlatinb&gt; ScrumTimeoutException 20:28:41 &lt;mikalv&gt; lol 20:28:42 &lt;zzz&gt; while we're in the 'grace period' - DEFCON! idk and I will be there this weekend! 20:29:04 &lt;zzz&gt; Monero Village Friday afternoon, and Crypto/Privacy Village Saturday afternoon 20:29:22 &lt;zzz&gt; workshop, q&a, and stickers both days. come say hello 20:29:57 &lt;zzz&gt; re: outproxies, I'm going to put that on the agenda for next month, for sadie to give us a readout on what we're trying to do 20:30:06 &lt;zzz&gt; anything else for the meeting? 20:30:52 &lt;zzz&gt; oh, and Sadie will be presenting a paper at FOCI in San Jose next week! be sure to find her if you're there 20:30:59 &lt;mikalv&gt; nah, but I expect we got more for the browser/outproxy cases by next meeting 20:31:39 &lt;zzz&gt; yeah, we don't have a good plan yet for either browser or outproxy. We have ideas and proofs of concept, but no plan 20:31:53 &lt;zzz&gt; so will be good to see that come together 20:32:02 * zzz warms up the baffer 20:32:44 &lt;zzz&gt; last baf of the summer, see you in september... 20:32:55 * zzz ****bafs**** the meeting closed </div>
