---
title: "I2P Dev Meeting - April 02, 2019"
date: 2019-04-02
author: "zzz"
description: "I2P development meeting log for April 02, 2019."
categories: ["meeting"]
---

## Quick recap

<p class="attendees-inline"><strong>Present:</strong> chisana, echelon, eyedeekay, meeh, zlatinb, zzz</p>

## Meeting Log

<div class="irc-log"> 20:00:00 &lt;zzz&gt; 0) Hi 20:00:00 &lt;zzz&gt; 1) 0.9.39 release status (zzz) 20:00:00 &lt;zzz&gt; 2) 0.9.40 dev status (zzz) 20:00:00 &lt;zzz&gt; 3) LS2 status (zzz) 20:00:00 &lt;zzz&gt; 4) Status scrum (zlatinb) 20:00:03 &lt;zzz&gt; 0) Hi 20:00:05 &lt;zzz&gt; hi 20:00:14 &lt;zzz&gt; 1) 0.9.39 release status (zzz) 20:00:33 &lt;zzz&gt; 39 was released 11 days ago, approaching half of the net has updated 20:01:10 &lt;zzz&gt; still awaiting mavencentral (str4d), our f-droid (meeh), official f-droid (nextloop) and debian (mhatta) 20:01:12 &lt;meeh&gt; hi 20:01:26 &lt;zzz&gt; any of you have ETA on when those items will be completed? 20:02:58 &lt;meeh&gt; if it's as easy as https://f-droid.org/docs/Setup_an_F-Droid_App_Repo/ seem to be,later today. 20:03:31 &lt;zzz&gt; you've already set it up, we've had it for years. It's just a question of putting the new apk in there, which you've done several times before 20:04:08 &lt;zzz&gt; please harass str4d for maven central, and figure out how to get him out of the process ASAP. It's been a year we've been fighting to get control of this 20:04:08 &lt;meeh&gt; no, I've hosted it, never uploaded 20:04:47 &lt;zzz&gt; if you say so, but I remember you copying the apk over there before 20:05:04 &lt;meeh&gt; I've written to him at twitter now for maven 20:05:36 &lt;zzz&gt; lets try to get all this done within a week of release from now on. It's a bad look for us to take several weeks 20:05:47 &lt;zzz&gt; I don't know what's going on with mhatta 20:06:09 &lt;zzz&gt; we need to get better at this 20:06:44 &lt;zzz&gt; the good news is, no real complaints about 39, other than it didn't fix 3rd party android apps... but they didn't work before either 20:07:01 &lt;zzz&gt; meeh, what's your ETA for releasing a new android bote that works? 20:07:29 &lt;meeh&gt; if you didn't see - it was discovered that it was just a reinstall which where the issue with shared uid 20:07:53 &lt;meeh&gt; so, didn't fix =&gt; probably fixed 20:08:03 &lt;zzz&gt; I thought that was only for a dev environment? 20:08:33 &lt;meeh&gt; no clue as I'm not really familiar with either bote or android - monkey hitting the keyboard hoping for useful results 20:08:47 &lt;zzz&gt; did you read the link he gave us? 20:09:02 &lt;zzz&gt; &lt;cisiey&gt; zzz, https://developer.android.com/guide/topics/manifest/manifest-element#uid 20:09:02 &lt;zzz&gt; &lt;cisiey&gt;&gt;if this attribute is set to the same value for two or more apps, they will all share the same ID  provided that their certificate sets are identical 20:09:25 &lt;zzz&gt; anyway, too much detail for the meeting, but we still have some research to do 20:09:55 &lt;zzz&gt; ok, no ETA for bote. Maybe mhatta can help 20:10:06 &lt;zzz&gt; or somebody 20:10:10 &lt;zzz&gt; anything else on 1) ? 20:11:19 &lt;zzz&gt; 2) 0.9.40 dev status (zzz) 20:11:29 &lt;zzz&gt; we're two weeks into a short 7 week cycle 20:11:51 &lt;zzz&gt; zlatinb propped over a new, sophisticated streaming blocker/throttler today 20:12:00 &lt;zzz&gt; I've checked in a new susidns import feature 20:12:22 &lt;zzz&gt; and working hard on support for the new "b33" format that makes testing encrypted ls2 possible 20:12:37 &lt;zzz&gt; we are using the .39 floodfills to test encrypted ls2 and it's working very well so far 20:13:18 &lt;zzz&gt; there's a very very long list on the .40 roadmap, it's probably way too ambitious, but hopefully we;ll get to half of it 20:13:37 &lt;zzz&gt; anybody else want to report on things they're doing for .40? 20:14:00 &lt;zlatinb&gt; meta-LS backend, hopefully 20:14:13 &lt;zlatinb&gt; but thats not really tied to a router release so w/e 20:14:26 &lt;eyedeekay&gt; I have mostly got a working i2ptunnels.config.d folder 20:14:58 &lt;zzz&gt; oh yeah, we need to talk about that at some point eyedeekay to see how it fits in with my half-done work from a year ago 20:15:12 &lt;zzz&gt; will catch up with you on it at some point 20:15:25 &lt;meeh&gt; on schedule with osx stuff, will have native shortcut for sharing file/directory with snark, auto-updater, new swift version, general code cleanup 20:15:35 &lt;zzz&gt; meeh, eyedeekay, any status on the libsam stuff? 20:16:26 &lt;meeh&gt; not more than that I need to catch up on the example, haven't had time to work with it lately 20:17:01 &lt;zzz&gt; ok, anything else on 2) ? 20:17:41 &lt;eyedeekay&gt; I did put together a swig binding for the C++ library but I've only just learned swig, I'm not even sure it works yet. 20:18:28 &lt;zzz&gt; 3) ls2 status 20:18:37 &lt;zzz&gt; we've had 34 meetings and still going strong 20:18:46 &lt;zzz&gt; encrypted ls2 is working well 20:19:00 &lt;zzz&gt; meta ls we're just starting to talk seriously about the backend 20:19:14 &lt;zzz&gt; b33 is progressing 20:19:36 &lt;zzz&gt; I've started working on the ratchet proposal again, starting some coding, but it's going to be a while 20:19:49 &lt;zzz&gt; the blake proposal is stalled, lower priority for now 20:20:32 &lt;zzz&gt; hopefully a lot of the pieces are in place and we can start using them for real, or by default 20:20:49 &lt;zzz&gt; any questions on ls2, or anything else for 3) ? 20:21:29 &lt;chisana&gt; does encrypted ls2 work with ed25519 -&gt; ed25519 (regardless of hash used)? 20:21:53 &lt;chisana&gt; or is red25519 required? 20:22:09 &lt;zzz&gt; red is required 20:22:36 &lt;chisana&gt; ok, thanks 20:22:47 &lt;zzz&gt; because you need a defined way to blind 20:23:10 &lt;chisana&gt; you can blind with ed25519 20:23:14 &lt;zzz&gt; in theory you could encrypt from/to anything but it wouldn't necessarily be secure, or defined 20:23:20 &lt;chisana&gt; libsodium has it as an example in their docs 20:23:34 &lt;zzz&gt; we support ed-&gt;red and red-&gt;red, thats it 20:23:58 &lt;zzz&gt; we can discuss more over in #ls2 if you like after the meeting 20:24:08 &lt;zzz&gt; anything else on 3) ? 20:24:12 &lt;chisana&gt; right, didn't mean to distract 20:24:49 &lt;zzz&gt; no problem, I asked for questions! 20:24:54 &lt;zzz&gt; ok lets move on 20:25:00 &lt;zzz&gt; 4) status scrum (zlatinb) 20:25:03 &lt;zzz&gt; go zlatinb 20:25:09 &lt;zlatinb&gt; Hi.  Quick parallel scrum: 1) what youve been doing since the last scrum 2) what do you plan on doing next month 3) any blockers or help needed 20:26:10 &lt;zlatinb&gt; me: 1) lots of work with arctic on making the client side work well with his outproxies.  New access filter (also requested by arctic) 2) meta-LS backend hopefully 3) no real blockers 20:27:16 &lt;zzz&gt; me: 1) 39 release, ls2 including proposals 123, 144, 146, 148, 149; lots of bug fixes; susidns import; b33; reviewing other's code; support 20:28:14 &lt;zzz&gt; 2) prep for 40 release; lots of bug fixes; more ls2 work; keep trying to get signed windows installer to work; coding on ratchet proposal 144 and updating the docs 20:28:29 &lt;meeh&gt; 1) the osx launcher updates, started catching up on the #ls2 meetings & the libsam example, 2) android bote, osx launcher, new browser build, catching up on the #ls2 meetings 3) if anyone wants, I'll always welcome android help since I don't know the platform, but no spesific issues right now. 20:28:55 &lt;zzz&gt; 3) blockers: mhatta for various debian/tails things 20:28:56 &lt;zzz&gt; EOT 20:31:29 &lt;zzz&gt; anybody else for 4) ? 20:33:29 &lt;zlatinb&gt; oh, sorry, EOT :) 20:33:31 &lt;meeh&gt; EOT 20:33:31 &lt;zlatinb&gt; eyedeekay, eche|on ? 20:33:31 &lt;eyedeekay&gt; sorry, just a second 20:33:31 &lt;eche|on&gt; yes? 20:33:31 &lt;meeh&gt; it's scrum 20:33:31 &lt;eche|on&gt; nothing special so far 20:33:31 &lt;eyedeekay&gt; 1) Since Sunday I've been working on splitting i2ptunnel configuration across multiple directories. 2) Application stuff including self-installing nginx, sshd/ssh, Webextensions/XUL extensions for Browser 3) The first is required to do the second 20:33:31 &lt;eche|on&gt; done services, no blockers, go on 20:33:31 &lt;eyedeekay&gt; EOT 20:33:31 &lt;zlatinb&gt; ok, thats everyone I think &lt;/scrum&gt; 20:33:52 &lt;zzz&gt; ok, anything else for the meeting? 20:34:47 &lt;zzz&gt; didn't think it was much of a turnout until eche|on and eyedeekay spoke up at the end! 20:35:00 &lt;zzz&gt; last call before the baffer comes out 20:36:21 * zzz *bafs* the meeting closed </div>
