---
title: "I2P Dev Meeting - January 16, 2007"
date: 2007-01-16
author: "jrandom"
description: "I2P development meeting log for January 16, 2007."
categories: ["meeting"]
---

## Quick recap

<p class="attendees-inline"><strong>Present:</strong> jrandom, zzz</p>

## Meeting Log

<div class="irc-log"> 15:03 &lt;jrandom&gt; 0) hi 15:03 &lt;jrandom&gt; 1) Net status 15:03 &lt;jrandom&gt; 2) I2PSnark updates 15:03 &lt;jrandom&gt; 3) Syndie progress 15:03 &lt;jrandom&gt; 4) ??? 15:03 &lt;jrandom&gt; 0) hi 15:03  * jrandom waves 15:03 &lt;jrandom&gt; weekly status notes up at http://dev.i2p.net/pipermail/i2p/2007-January/001329.html 15:05 &lt;jrandom&gt; as y'all dig through that, lets jump on in to 1) Net status 15:05 &lt;jrandom&gt; not much change at the moment on this front 15:06 &lt;jrandom&gt; interesting to note the updated domains chart on http://stats.i2p/cgi-bin/serv_domain.cgi listing a good spread of hosts even after pruning 2000 old entries 15:07 &lt;jrandom&gt; zzz: what period is that chart based off? 15:07 &lt;+zzz&gt; 1 month 15:07 &lt;jrandom&gt; wow cool 15:09 &lt;jrandom&gt; of course, the NICs aren't always up to date, but it gives a good view of things from a high level.  nice work zzz, thanks 15:10 &lt;jrandom&gt; ok, anyone have anything else to bring up for 1) net status? 15:12 &lt;jrandom&gt; if not, lets hop on over to 2) i2psnark updates 15:12 &lt;jrandom&gt; zzz, wanna give us the low down? 15:13 &lt;+zzz&gt; we have improvements in fairness when&gt; 4 leechers, a fix for the longstanding restart-torrent bug, don't start a tunnel if autostart unchecked, and adding some more links on the webpage. 15:13 &lt;+zzz&gt; added a stop-all button which usually doesn't work if there is traffic, it seems 15:13 &lt;+zzz&gt; looking for testers and reports as usual, thanks 15:14 &lt;jrandom&gt; kickass, thanks zzz 15:14 &lt;jrandom&gt; when you feel its right, we can package 'er up and ship a new 0.6.1.27 w/ that bundled 15:15 &lt;+zzz&gt; ok maybe a week or 2 15:16 &lt;jrandom&gt; sounds good 15:17 &lt;jrandom&gt; ok lets jump on over to 3) Syndie progress 15:17 &lt;jrandom&gt; logs going on in this front as mentioned, and we'll hopefully be pushing out a new rev in the next day or two 15:19 &lt;jrandom&gt; there'll be an announcement when thats out, in syndie, on the web pages, on the forum, and in the list 15:19 &lt;jrandom&gt; ok, swinging over to 4) ??? 15:20 &lt;jrandom&gt; anyone have anything else they want to bring up for the meeting? 15:23 &lt;jrandom&gt; if not... 15:23  * jrandom winds up 15:23  * jrandom *baf*s the meeting closed </div>
