---
title: "I2P Dev Meeting - February 13, 2007"
date: 2007-02-13
author: "jrandom"
description: "I2P development meeting log for February 13, 2007."
categories: ["meeting"]
---

## Quick recap

<p class="attendees-inline"><strong>Present:</strong> green, jadeSerpent, jrandom, thecrypto, zzz</p>

## Meeting Log

<div class="irc-log"> 15:04 &lt;jrandom&gt; 0) hi 15:04 &lt;jrandom&gt; 1) Net status and 0.6.1.27 15:04 &lt;jrandom&gt; 2) Syndie dev status 15:04 &lt;jrandom&gt; 3) trac.i2p.net 15:04 &lt;jrandom&gt; 4) ??? 15:04 &lt;jrandom&gt; 0) hi 15:04  * jrandom waves 15:04 &lt;jrandom&gt; weekly status notes posted up at http://dev.i2p.net/pipermail/i2p/2007-February/001334.html  15:05 &lt;jrandom&gt; lets jump on in to 1) Net status and 0.6.1.27 15:06 &lt;jrandom&gt; zzz: wanna give us the rundown of the main bugfixes/improvements we'll find in i2psnark? 15:07 &lt;+zzz&gt; um, it's all over the map, see history.txt :) 15:07 &lt;green&gt; We can't say anything about that since you don't have work on it for a long time, humm ! 15:08 &lt;green&gt; So there isn't new to discuss 15:08 &lt;jrandom&gt; heh ok zzz, fair 'nuff :) 15:08 &lt;+zzz&gt; should be more robust for torrents with large number of seeders, some UI improvements, some bug fixes, support for multi-file torrent creation, etc etc 15:08 &lt;+zzz&gt; BTW w00t mtg 200 15:09 &lt;jrandom&gt; zounds 15:09 &lt;jrandom&gt; ok word 15:09 &lt;jrandom&gt; my plans right now are just to add in the simple whispering for the floodfill peers (so people don't lose track of them as easily) 15:09 &lt;jrandom&gt; are there any other low hanging fruit i should address before tagging & pushing? 15:10 &lt;+zzz&gt; that sounds smarter than waiting for me to do it 15:10 &lt;jrandom&gt; oh, i should disable the old syndie too 15:11 &lt;jrandom&gt; (or at least its fetching) 15:11 &lt;jrandom&gt; i've heard some suggestions to disable theepsite tunnel by default as well - any thoughts?  yea nea? 15:11  * bar beats his not-yet-quite-dead "not have eepsite server tunnels autostart by default" horse 15:12 &lt;+zzz&gt; I checked in a note on localhost/syndie/ warning people it's obsolete if you want to let it go one more release, up to you 15:13 &lt;jrandom&gt; it might be worth keeping the content around for a while but killing the syndication 15:13 &lt;jrandom&gt; ok, if anyone comes up with omething else, lemmie know 15:14 &lt;+zzz&gt; if you do check to see if the note I added needs updating 15:14 &lt;jadeSerpent&gt; i agree it shouldn't start serving pages out of box, no other app does that, potential security risk 15:14 &lt;green&gt; Disabling default eepsite is a good idea as most people using I2P don't use it and others use user defined tunnels, you have just to look at orion stat with only ~30 sites online 15:14 &lt;jrandom&gt; aye 15:14 &lt;+zzz&gt; and ditto if you disable eepsite tunnel the instructions & default eepsite homepage need to be updated 15:15 &lt;jrandom&gt; it won't disable already configured tunnels, it'll just affect new users 15:15 &lt;jrandom&gt; true zzz 15:15 &lt;+zzz&gt; prob. a good idea 15:17 &lt;green&gt; but this is just a minor tweak not a improvemnt 15:17 &lt;jrandom&gt; ok, anyone have anything else for 1) net status and 0.6.1.27? 15:17 &lt;+zzz&gt; resources/eepsite_index.html "your eepsite is up and running but..." 15:17 &lt;jrandom&gt; aye 15:19 &lt;green&gt; jr : Courage, let us flee! 15:19 &lt;jrandom&gt; ok jumping to 2) Syndie dev status 15:20 &lt;jrandom&gt; lots going on here, of course 15:20 &lt;jrandom&gt; beyond whats mentioned in the notes, once we get i2p 0.6.1.27 out i'm going to clear a bunch of the open bugs for next week's 1.004a release 15:21 &lt;+fox&gt; * thecrypto waves as he returns after a very very long hiatus from this project 15:21 &lt;jrandom&gt; anyone want to bring up anything for 2) Syndie dev status? 15:21 &lt;jrandom&gt; woah! 15:21 &lt;jrandom&gt; wb thecrypto 15:22 &lt;+fox&gt; &lt;thecrypto&gt; Thank you 15:22 &lt;jrandom&gt; still hacking on an i2p 0.1 sdk? :) 15:22 &lt;+zzz&gt; back for the 200th anniversary? 15:23 &lt;+fox&gt; &lt;thecrypto&gt; I guess so :) But I'm hoping to get back up to speed on this stuff as I've been looking around at what else is out there and it all sucks :) 15:24 &lt;jrandom&gt; heh cool 15:24 &lt;+fox&gt; * thecrypto takes a seat off to the side to let the rest of the meeting proceed 15:25 &lt;jrandom&gt; ok, if there's nothing else for 2) Syndie dev status, lets jump to 3) trac.i2p.net 15:25 &lt;jrandom&gt; by popular (and reasonable) demand, we've migrated from the in-syndie bugtracker to a real bugtracker 15:26 &lt;jrandom&gt; please use it if you can to file bug reports (though bug reports filed with syndie will be automatically imported into it after a delay) 15:26  * jadeSerpent claps 15:27 &lt;+fox&gt; &lt;thecrypto&gt; Trac works very well, use it at my day job. Have you integrated CVS into it? 15:27 &lt;jrandom&gt; monotone (our dvcs), yes 15:27 &lt;jrandom&gt; https://trac.i2p.net/browser 15:28 &lt;+fox&gt; &lt;thecrypto&gt; Neat, migrated to DVCS :) Good time for me to rejoin :) 15:28 &lt;jrandom&gt; mos' def' 15:29 &lt;jrandom&gt; at the moment, the wiki is basically disabled, but might get some use at times for working through some issues 15:29 &lt;jrandom&gt; i'm not sure if/when it'll get used though, but we'll see 15:30 &lt;jrandom&gt; ok, anyone have anything else for 3) trac.i2p.net ? 15:31 &lt;jrandom&gt; if not, lets jump to good ol' fashioned 4) ??? 15:31 &lt;jrandom&gt; anyone have something else to bring up for the meeting? 15:33 &lt;+fox&gt; &lt;thecrypto&gt; Glad to be bck 15:33 &lt;jadeSerpent&gt; does it always get really laggy around meeting time? 15:35 &lt;jrandom&gt; jadeSerpent: more than usual, yeah, though not that bad (i'm @ 1.46s lag) 15:35  * jrandom winds up 15:35  * jrandom *baf*s the meeting closed </div>
