---
title: "I2P 0.7.8 Release"
date: 2009-12-08
author: "zzz"
description: "I2P 0.7.8 release with router console translations, floodfill improvements, and randomized ports"
categories: ["release"]
---

Release 0.7.8 contains initial support for router console translations, and changes to the floodfill system which lay the foundation for supporting large growth in the network.

To prevent easy blocking of I2P by malicious firewalls, the release randomizes the I2P port for new installs. For existing installs, please help those who are vulnerable to blocking by changing UDP from 8887 to a random port on and adjusting your firewall if necessary.

The release also contains more changes to reduce memory and CPU usage, and a large assortment of bug fixes. Upgrading is recommended. We especially encourage those of you still running release 0.7.6 or earlier to upgrade as soon as possible. Please give the developers feedback on IRC #i2p or [forum.i2p2.de](http://forum.i2p2.de/) and [get involved](http://www.i2p2.de/getinvolved.html) or [donate](http://www.i2p2.de/donate.html)! We are also looking for help on new and existing translations. Please volunteer on IRC #i2p.

## Release details:

### Network Database

- Partially reintroduce Kademlia to the network database, by having each floodfill store only a portion of the keyspace. Routers will query and store to a floodfill that is closest to the key in question. Floodfills will only flood to peers closest to the key.
- The limit on number of floodfills will not be raised in this release. Therefore, there will be no immediate change; all floodfills will store the entire keyspace. In future releases, the limit will be raised until most class O routers will be floodfill. After that, each floodfill be responsible for about 300 netdb entries, independent of network size, thus allowing i2p to scale to many thousands of routers.
- The release also fixes a bad bug that was preventing verification of RouterInfo stores.

### Router Console Translation Support

- The router console now supports translation to other languages using standard "po" files. Initial string tagging by "walking".
- The HTTP proxy now supports translated error pages.
- Chinese translation (by "walking") is included.
- French translation (by "neutron") is included.
- German translation (by "echelon") is included.
- Translation of bundled applications (i2psnark, i2ptunnel, susimail, susidns) is not yet supported, it will be included in a future release.
- We are searching for additional translation volunteers.

### Streaming Lib

- Improve the handling of immediate ack requests, hopefully this will help network speed.

### Peer Profiles

- Additions to store statistics on netdb performance, to assist floodfill peer selection
- Reduction in storage for non-floodfill peers, to save about 2MB RAM

### Transport

- To prevent easy blocking by malicious firewalls (matching source or destination port 8887), new I2P installs will now use a random port between 9000 and 32000. Users who have previously installed i2p are encouraged to change their port to make blocking more difficult.

### I2PSnark

- Raise piece size limit from 1MB to 2MB

### Other

- Continued cleanup of the code to reduce package size and memory usage
- Continued console cleanup

## SHA256 Checksums:

```
e0a3efbcba2e58aed97e7246fe3a604809ebf90ecdc3b274e000401fd743adc0  i2pinstall_0.7.8.exe
12df213cc9602f646d81f66103aed9e5d7123373d90302611fc29711c2e81cec  i2psource_0.7.8.tar.bz2
13f5659f59f3f6bd3a8fcd803c39074583ef169454d28e10665285af1adfb445  i2pupdate_0.7.8.zip
94b805afb93f659e2896ed3b1607133bd5fcc9568198acc6c5970b3d2bb53481  i2pupdate.sud
```