---
title: "Cuộc họp nhà phát triển I2P - 07 tháng 11, 2006"
date: 2006-11-07
author: "jrandom"
description: "Biên bản cuộc họp phát triển I2P ngày 07 tháng 11 năm 2006."
categories: ["meeting"]
---

## Tóm tắt nhanh

<p class="attendees-inline"><strong>Có mặt:</strong> jrandom, mrflibble, spaetz</p>

## Nhật ký cuộc họp

<div class="irc-log"> 15:09 &lt;jrandom&gt; 0) hi 15:09 &lt;jrandom&gt; 1) Net status 15:09 &lt;jrandom&gt; 2) Syndie dev status 15:09 &lt;jrandom&gt; 3) I2Phex mods 15:09 &lt;jrandom&gt; 4) ??? 15:09 &lt;jrandom&gt; 0) hi 15:09  * jrandom waves 15:10 &lt;jrandom&gt; weekly status notes up @ http://dev.i2p.net/pipermail/i2p/2006-November/001317.html 15:10  * spaetz waves back 15:10 &lt;mrflibble&gt; cool,  i was the only one  in #i2p-dev a minute ago :) 15:10 &lt;jrandom&gt; hehe 15:10 &lt;jrandom&gt; yeah, the i2p-dev chan migration didn't last too long ;) 15:10 &lt;jrandom&gt; ok, lets jump into 1) Net status 15:11 &lt;spaetz&gt; ad 1) net seems stable 15:11 &lt;spaetz&gt; however, as you noted, reseeding is needed every 7 days or so 15:11 &lt;jrandom&gt; aye, 'tis unfortunate, and fixable 15:12 &lt;jrandom&gt; though the kludge fix is kind of ugly, and the long term fix is pretty involved 15:12 &lt;spaetz&gt; yep, that would be nice. My firewall is too tight for reseeding 15:12 &lt;jrandom&gt; damn, doesn't allow outbound http to dev.i2p.net? 15:12 &lt;spaetz&gt; I need to poke additional holes in it :-) 15:13 &lt;spaetz&gt; jrandom: outbound yes, but all the reply data gets stopped by default :-) 15:13 &lt;spaetz&gt; but that OT. go on. 15:14 &lt;jrandom&gt; lol ok, interesting 15:14 &lt;jrandom&gt; its something that needs to get addressed, though its not on my do-immediately pile 15:15 &lt;jrandom&gt; i dont really have much more to add to 1).. anyone have anything else they want to bring up re: net status? 15:15 &lt;spaetz&gt; I get disconnected on IRC every 1-2 hours 15:15 &lt;spaetz&gt; but I would call that stable :-) 15:16 &lt;spaetz&gt; ok, on to 2) 15:16 &lt;jrandom&gt; heh cool, 2) it is 15:17 &lt;jrandom&gt; lots of progress on this front 15:17 &lt;spaetz&gt; Is the new Syndie going to be integrated into i2p when it goes gold? 15:18 &lt;jrandom&gt; hmm, if you mean bundled with, i'm not sure.  if you mean capable of seamlessly using, yes, definitely 15:19 &lt;spaetz&gt; I actually meant bundled. I2p seems to come "with batteries included" 15:19 &lt;jrandom&gt; the reason i'm not sure is that syndie will weigh a good deal (swt native libs, translations, spellcheck dictionaries, etc) 15:19 &lt;jrandom&gt; we will have an option to bundle them, certainly 15:20 &lt;jrandom&gt; and maybe that'll be the most common download 15:20 &lt;spaetz&gt; ok, I'm  for an optional install then. alright.  15:21 &lt;jrandom&gt; bundling the text UI is certainly doable without a doubt, thats quite lightweight 15:22 &lt;spaetz&gt; that might be good enough to tease people 15:22 &lt;spaetz&gt; SOme might want to run the gui on a different machine than their i2p peer anyway 15:22 &lt;spaetz&gt; (I will) 15:23 &lt;jrandom&gt; word 15:23 &lt;jrandom&gt; ok, some teaser images for the gui dev status: 15:23 &lt;jrandom&gt; html rendering: http://dev.i2p.net/~jrandom/mockup/render_snap.png 15:23 &lt;jrandom&gt; forum tree: http://dev.i2p.net/~jrandom/mockup/syndie_refchooser.png 15:23 &lt;jrandom&gt; message tree / filter: http://dev.i2p.net/~jrandom/mockup/syndie_msgchooser.png 15:24 &lt;jrandom&gt; (the html rendering has been seen before, and the reference chooser may have been, and the message chooser was just implemented last night ;) 15:25 &lt;jrandom&gt; there'll be lots of little add-ons, but i'm focusing on first getting gui message generation in place 15:25 &lt;jrandom&gt; (which requires being able to browse forums and messages anyway, to pick links) 15:26 &lt;spaetz&gt; cool 15:26 &lt;spaetz&gt; although the beauty of syndie was its seamless integration through the web interface 15:26 &lt;spaetz&gt; but I bet that would be possible to implement 15:27 &lt;jrandom&gt; well, a web interface would technically be possible, but it would have all the security issues of the browser plus all the problems for interactive content that javascript/etc can cause 15:28 &lt;spaetz&gt; mmh, I see the hell you'd get into. I remember the corresponding freenet discussions a few years back 15:28 &lt;jrandom&gt; technically, we can pull in the mozilla engine to do html rendering with the SWT Browser widget, but doing so just isn't safe 15:29 &lt;jrandom&gt; aye, exactly 15:29 &lt;jrandom&gt; (and what, 5-8 years on, they still just found another security hole in their filter the other week) 15:30 &lt;jrandom&gt; ((my point is not that their filter isn't great, its that doing the filter is insanely dangerous)) 15:30 &lt;spaetz&gt; ok, if there's a document "syndie for dummies" I'd give it a shot. (the text UI). IS the manual the right document for this? 15:30 &lt;spaetz&gt; It seemed a bit specific already 15:31 &lt;jrandom&gt; ah - check out Complication2's post: http://forum.i2p.net/viewtopic.php?t=1935 15:31 &lt;spaetz&gt; ok, thanks. 15:31 &lt;jrandom&gt; that's getting wrapped up into a page for the syndie site, but isn't up yet 15:32 &lt;spaetz&gt; ok, that's great. all I needed 15:34 &lt;jrandom&gt; cool.  ok, thats about it for gui stuff atm 15:34 &lt;jrandom&gt; there's a little teaser for the p2p folks in the status notes regarding a swarming syndication system 15:35 &lt;jrandom&gt; thats an area quite ripe for playing around in, for those who'd like to do some network hacking 15:36 &lt;jrandom&gt; but, thats just a side note 15:36 &lt;jrandom&gt; ok, if there's nothing else on 2) syndie dev status, lets jump over to 3) i2phex mods 15:36 &lt;jrandom&gt; Complication2: wanna give us the rundown? 15:38 &lt;jrandom&gt; or, if you're not here, those of y'all interested can check the status notes for my synopsis 15:39 &lt;spaetz&gt; mmh, gone fishin' 15:39 &lt;jrandom&gt; ok, lets jump on over to 4) ??? 15:39 &lt;jrandom&gt; anyone have anything else to bring up for the meeting? 15:39  * mrflibble sticks his hand up 15:40 &lt;spaetz&gt; nahh, looking forward to see (the new) Syndie getting more useful 15:40 &lt;mrflibble&gt; on http://dev.i2p.net/pipermail/i2p/2006-November/001317.html, what does "hi y'all, good luck with the subpoena power" mean exactly? 15:40 &lt;spaetz&gt; will the first codename be "will the real Syndie please stand up?" :-) 15:41 &lt;jrandom&gt; mrflibble: http://www.electoral-vote.com:2006/ 15:41 &lt;jrandom&gt; hehe spaetz  15:41 &lt;mrflibble&gt; oh! 15:41  * bar impregnates a ballot 15:43 &lt;jrandom&gt; (not that the democrats would be any better for the world, but the ability to subpoena the us president via congressional investigations would likely throw a few wrenches into the war machine for a bit) 15:44 &lt;jrandom&gt; ok, anyone have anything else for the meeting? 15:45 &lt;jrandom&gt; if not... 15:46  * jrandom winds up 15:46  * jrandom *baf*S the meeting closed </div>
