---
title: "I2PCon"
date: 2015-07-16
author: "hottuna"
description: "I2PCon will be in Toronto on August 15-16."
categories: ["meetup", "i2pcon"]
---

I2PCon is the first event of its kind. It has two short term goals. Where the first one is to provide the general public with an event where knowledge about privacy and privacy concerns can be obtained. The second goal is to further the I2P project and its community. This will take the shape of technical discussions about cryptography, anonymity and I2P centric topics.

There is a larger and more long-term goal of this event, and it is to build a community of privacy-conscious individuals. By connecting people who recognize the importance of privacy, we would like to provide a forum where this community can grow.

The idea for this event was first spawned by our wonderful friends at Toronto Crypto. The venue and everything relating to it is provided by Hacklab. Without either of them this event would not have been possible, so thank you both.

## Details

### Cost

I2PCon is entirely free to attend! We ask you to register to give us an estimate of how many people will be attending. No identifying information has to be given in order to register, but if you have any concerns, please let us know.

### Location

Hacklab at 1266 Queen Street West, Unit #6, Toronto.

### Venue

Power and WiFi access will be provided by Hacklab.

## Schedule

### Day 1, August 15

- 3:00PM - zzz: Intro
- 3:30PM - Nick Johnston: "TOS and PII - What happens to your data when the company gets bought and sold?" Different terms of service from popular web apps
- 4:30PM - Break
- 5:00PM - zzz: "Growing the Network, Spreading the Word"
- 5:45PM - Lance James: Keynote: "Privacy vs. Intelligence - Why can't we all just get along?"
- 6:45PM - dnj: Crypto party intro
- 7:00PM - Crypto Party, Mingle

### Day 2, August 16

- 12:00PM - David Dagon: "I2P Monitoring and Filtration"
- 1:00PM - zzz: "The Connection Limit Challenge"
- 2:00PM - Break
- 2:30PM - Lance James: "Anonymity protocols and malware - Why they fail"
- 3:30PM - psi: "I2P App Dev Intro"
- 4:00PM - str4d: "The Agony and the Ecstasy of I2P on Android"
- 4:30PM - orignal: "An Intro to i2pd"
- 4:45PM - Break
- 5:15PM - Roadmap meeting
- 6:15PM - Organizational meeting
- 6:45PM - Dinner break
