---
title: "I2P dev meeting, September 2, 2003"
date: 2003-09-02
author: "jrand0m"
description: "56th I2P dev meeting covering spec & SDK release, development status, and upcoming projects"
categories: ["meeting"]
---

<h2 id="quick-recap">Quick recap</h2>

<p class="attendees-inline"><strong>Present:</strong> jrand0m, mihi, shardy, thecrypto, w0rmus</p>

<h2 id="meeting-log">Meeting Log</h2>

<div class="irc-log">
[22:53] <jrand0m> ok, wtf, why not.  agenda:
[22:53] <jrand0m> 0) welcome
[22:53] <jrand0m> 1) spec &amp; sdk release
[22:53] <jrand0m> 2) spec &amp; sdk questions
[22:53] <jrand0m> 3) dev status 3.1) co's NS 3.2) SDK 1.0 criteria 3.3) network simulator 3.4) other apps [IM, tunnel, etc] 3.5) more transports 3.6) java router implementation
[22:53] <jrand0m> 4) meeting time change?
[22:53] <jrand0m> 5) cvs administravia
[22:54] <jrand0m> 6) shardy's stuff
[22:54] <jrand0m> 7) peanut gallery
[22:54] <jrand0m> thazzit.
[22:54] <jrand0m> 0) welcome
[22:54] <w0rmus> hihi
[22:54] <thecrypto> so welcome everyone to meeting number 55
[22:54] <thecrypto> 56
[22:55] <thecrypto> 56 is correct
[22:55] *** Signoff: mihi (EOF From client)
[22:55] <jrand0m> hi.  welcome to meeting 56
[22:55] <jrand0m> yea
[22:55] <jrand0m> 1) spec &amp; sdk release
[22:55] <w0rmus> haha
[22:55] *** mihi (~none@anon.iip) has joined channel #iip-dev
[22:55] <jrand0m> the specs are out and the sdk 0.2 is out as well.
[22:56] <jrand0m> currently, they're only available on freenet [http://localhost:8888/CHK@p1VU1U67UgXYJ7v7cS4Xqn~p4ssLAwI,RvdwV4jZyZYcJgYabpVPOQ/I2P_SDK.zip]
[22:56] <jrand0m> but nop told me he'd have them on the normal web today, as well as an email to a few of the traditional lists to round up some reviewers
[22:57] <jrand0m> 2) any new questions on the specs or the sdk?
[22:58] *** nixonite (~nixonite@anon.iip) has joined channel #iip-dev
[22:58] *** terrific (terrific@anon.iip) has joined channel #iip-dev
[22:58] <jrand0m> well, first question in there is, how goes the progress /reading/ the specs?  :)
[22:58] <w0rmus> needa do that :)
[22:58] <thecrypto> slowly

[Meeting log continues with discussions about specs, SDK development, network simulator, and other projects. The meeting covers development status updates and planning for future releases.]
</div>