---
title: "I2P Dev Meeting - September 21, 2004"
date: 2004-09-21
author: "jrandom"
description: "I2P development meeting log for September 21, 2004."
categories: ["meeting"]
---

## Quick recap

<p class="attendees-inline"><strong>Present:</strong> deer, jrandom, protok0l</p>

## Meeting Log

<div class="irc-log">
14:06 &lt;jrandom&gt; 0) hi
14:06 &lt;jrandom&gt; 1) Dev status
14:06 &lt;jrandom&gt; 2) New userhosts.txt vs. hosts.txt
14:06 &lt;jrandom&gt; 3) ???
14:06 &lt;jrandom&gt; 0) hi
14:06  * jrandom waves
14:06 &lt;jrandom&gt; brief weekly status notes @ http://dev.i2p.net/pipermail/i2p/2004-September/000449.html
14:06 &lt;jrandom&gt; (and probably brief meeting logs to be posted once this is over ;)
14:07  * jrandom gives y'all a good 30s to read those notes
14:07 &lt;jrandom&gt; anyway, moving on to 1) dev status
14:07 &lt;jrandom&gt; basic overview of whats up is in that email
14:08 &lt;jrandom&gt; one thing you may notice is that i won't be missing random letters in my text anymore, as my laptop has been a bitch lately
14:09 &lt;jrandom&gt; so i'm in the process of moving entirely over to my server (w/ the laptop as backup for windows testing, etc)
14:09 &lt;jrandom&gt; thats all i've got to say on that front
14:10 &lt;jrandom&gt; anyone have anything they want to bring up wrt 0.4.0.1 or the dev activity?
14:11 &lt;deer&gt; &lt;jrandom&gt; no jrandom, we're just lurking
14:11 &lt;jrandom&gt; ok, moving on to 2) new userhosts.txt vs. hosts.txt
14:11 &lt;protok0l&gt; yey!
14:11 &lt;jrandom&gt; minor new feature so people can modify their local naming while still pulling down hosts.txt
14:12 &lt;protok0l&gt; which file has priority if they conflict? user i would assume
14:13 &lt;jrandom&gt; it'll be rolled out in the next release, so basically just put your local changes in userhosts.txt as hosts.txt will be overridden
14:13 &lt;jrandom&gt; userhosts.txt has first preference
14:15 &lt;jrandom&gt; ok, thats all i've got for 2, so moving on quickly to our last point- 3) ???
14:15 &lt;jrandom&gt; anyone have anything else they want to discuss?
14:16 &lt;deer&gt; &lt;Pseudonym&gt; timetable for 0.4.1?
14:17 &lt;jrandom&gt; should be out this week, but maybe not until the weekend.
14:17 &lt;deer&gt; &lt;Pseudonym&gt; cool
14:17 &lt;jrandom&gt; i finally gave up the battle with my laptop after the spacebar died
14:17 &lt;jrandom&gt; (codingWithoutSpaces==lame;)
14:18 &lt;jrandom&gt; ok, anyone else have anything they want to bring up?  i think we're going for a record meeting time here
14:18 &lt;jrandom&gt; (not that thats a problem)
14:19 &lt;jrandom&gt; ok, if not
14:19  * jrandom winds up
14:19  * jrandom *baf*s the meeting closed
</div>
