---
title: "0.8 Release"
date: 2010-07-12
author: "zzz"
description: "I2P version 0.8 released, marking the start of the 0.8 series with 18 months of improvements"
categories: ["release"]
---

In early 2009, shortly after our attendance at 25C3, we released version 0.7 of the I2P Anonymous Network. Over the next 15 releases in 18 months we have worked to improve the usability of the I2P software and increase its performance, security, and reliability - all while dealing with unprecedented growth in the network.

In recognition of these accomplishments, we are declaring the start of the 0.8 series. The 0.8 release is fully compatible with all 0.7.x releases. This release contains several bugfixes, a new Dutch translation, and completion of the German translation. As always, users are encouraged to upgrade.

Some visible highlights of the 0.7.x release series in the last year and a half:

- Automatically generated Base32 destination names, reducing reliance on host names.
- Themable router console with GeoIP display.
- Plugin system for easy installation and maintenance of user-generated applications. For example I2P-bote, distributed serverless anonymous e-mail.
- Translation infrastructure for the router console, and translation into several languages.
- Many improvements leading to less CPU and memory usage.
- Network improvements for scalability, now you can invite all your friends into cipherspace!

Several important under-the-hood improvements:

- Redesign of the floodfill infrastructure for network database storage, by implementing a simplified Kademlia storage system, and an increase in floodfill routers from 5 to almost 100, for increased reliability and scalability.
- Encryption of queries and stores to floodfill routers for increased security.
- Separate session key managers for each local destination for increased security.
- Multi-layered system of limiting connections to peers.
- New, smaller tunnel build message to reduce the chance it will be dropped, and increase build success rates.
- Several bug fixes and improvements in the streaming library to speed up connections dramatically.
- Transition to Java 5 concurrent data structures for a significant reduction in lock contention.
- Transition to Java 5 coding styles, a significant increase in javadoc documentation, and elimination of unused code for maintanability.
- Split directory structure for ease of use on multi-user systems and easier packaging.
- Clock skew system redesign, with implementation of NTP-style clock adjustment.
- Adjustment of several parameters based on the speed and maximum memory of the router, to optimize speed and memory usage.
- UPnP support to open firewall ports.
- An uncountable number of bugfixes and improvements that enhance security, anonymity, reliability, performance, scalability, and the user experience.

In [zzz's interview with gulli.com last year](http://www.gulli.com/news/i2p-an-anonymous-network-2009-03-09/), he said that "privacy is under severe and increasing threat throughout the world". It is clear that this trend is accelerating both in "oppressed" nations and those that are nominally "free". As we prepare to attend [the HOPE conference in New York](http://thenexthope.org/), with many talks on privacy, we'll be working on plans to continue improving I2P and spreading the word.

You can help, as always, by joining the network and contribute your bandwidth. Give the developers feedback on IRC #i2p or [forum.i2p2.de](http://forum.i2p2.de/) and [get involved](http://www.i2p2.de/getinvolved.html), spread the word, and [donate](http://www.i2p2.de/donate.html)! We are still looking for help on new and existing translations. Please volunteer on IRC #i2p.

Files are available on the [download page](/downloads/).

SHA256 Checksums:

```
d14ef28ffff7ef95e5627d7bbeac8f5aad57c82b89d2071383787f2124152ca9  i2pinstall_0.8.exe
a179fc478279383af3420c84699a014a40f9cb0da87ab2a2d2b890639345b999  i2psource_0.8.tar.bz2
57c6dd9dab15dc52613e35ba538842de948ad5f230d17f693cdcc86fa056f97c  i2pupdate_0.8.zip
b9eff16965fb597b7a69fab72c5e4d21a767ffc1e654b3269d2dd9febdb79291  i2pupdate.su2
79b3ac041ea6afb0c04f705e134da10ec32bd4ffe5a7f378da60faf274ef112c  i2pupdate.sud
```
