---
title: "I2P Dev Meeting - November 01, 2016"
date: 2016-11-01
author: "zzz"
description: "I2P development meeting log for November 01, 2016."
categories: ["meeting"]
---

## Quick recap

<p class="attendees-inline"><strong>Present:</strong> echelon, fluffypony, hottuna, str4d, zzz</p>

## Meeting Log

<div class="irc-log">
20:00:01 &lt;zzz&gt; 0) Hi
20:00:01 &lt;zzz&gt; 1) 33C3 planning
20:00:01 &lt;zzz&gt; 2) 0.9.28 update (zzz)
20:00:07 &lt;zzz&gt; 0) Hi
20:00:09 &lt;zzz&gt; hi
20:00:17 &lt;eche|on&gt; hi
20:00:22 &lt;i2pr&gt; [Slack/str4d] Hi!
20:00:38 &lt;zzz&gt; 1) 33C3 planning
20:01:05 &lt;eche|on&gt; good
20:01:11 &lt;zzz&gt; ok, want to make sure that eche|on has the ticket buy for Nov. 8 under control, and that hottuna has the table request under control
20:01:16 &lt;eche|on&gt; monday 8pm presale of tickets will start
20:01:29 &lt;eche|on&gt; I will be in prague with mobile internet and laptop
20:01:38 &lt;hottuna&gt; zzz yo
20:01:47 &lt;zzz&gt; ok, so assuming prague has internet you will be good?
20:01:56 &lt;eche|on&gt; but I fear I cannot buy 6 ticks at once. I try. If not, Ill holler via twitter
20:02:11 &lt;zzz&gt; ok great
20:02:20 &lt;eche|on&gt; I smell they will limit max 2 ticks per order or this around, but we will see
20:02:36 &lt;zzz&gt; hottuna, will you put our noisy square request on the wiki again this year? and you're aware that monero wants to join in?
20:04:20 &lt;hottuna&gt; zzz: wasn't aware of monero. how many peeps will we be? and will monero fly under our flag?
20:04:21 &lt;hottuna&gt; zzz: the ccc wiki server is not responding at all now. it's been a few weeks since I checked if the 33c3 wiki had launched
20:05:10 &lt;zzz&gt; I don't know, talk to fluffypony for info, I believe they will make their own request but may ask that we share a table or are close
20:05:37 &lt;zzz&gt; hottuna, please confirm that you'll monitor the wiki and make the request for our project
20:06:39 &lt;fluffypony&gt; I'd like us to share a table
20:07:01 &lt;fluffypony&gt; if hottuna has got the request under control that would be great
20:07:08 &lt;fluffypony&gt; I can coordinate with hottuna on the description 
20:07:22 &lt;zzz&gt; fluffypony, I suggest you make your own request but ask to be close to us and/or share
20:07:24 &lt;fluffypony&gt; hottuna: not sure how many peeps, but we will make sure it's manned
20:07:27 &lt;zzz&gt; hottuna?
20:07:32 &lt;i2pr&gt; [Slack/str4d] Sounds good
20:07:46 &lt;hottuna&gt; fluffypony: I can request a table for i2p+monero of you know how many the monero people will be and if it also is ok for you to fly under the i2p project banner
20:07:55 &lt;zzz&gt; ok great
20:07:58 &lt;hottuna&gt; zzz: how many will we be?
20:08:07 &lt;fluffypony&gt; hottuna: ok let's chat privately and figure it out
20:08:09 &lt;eche|on&gt; hottuna: currently I do count 6 
20:08:33 &lt;eche|on&gt; zzz, hottuna. bobthebuilder,meeh, str4d and me
20:08:34 &lt;hottuna&gt; zzz: either way I'm committed to monitor the wiki and fill this stuff out
20:08:36 &lt;zzz&gt; Meeh may be bringing some extras, ask him. I'd say 8 for us and 4 for monery for now
20:08:43 &lt;eche|on&gt; If I did left anyone out, holler!
20:08:43 &lt;zzz&gt; great hottuna 
20:09:00 &lt;i2pr&gt; [Slack/str4d] How big are the tables?
20:09:02 &lt;hottuna&gt; ok, 12 then preliminarily
20:09:13 &lt;hottuna&gt; as big as we request them pretty much
20:09:26 &lt;zzz&gt; ok as far as talks - I know str4d and sadie were thinking of submitting, did that happen? (probably not) and have you coordinated with YTBI as a fallback?
20:09:37 &lt;zzz&gt; *YBTI
20:09:44 &lt;eche|on&gt; not that I know of
20:09:54 &lt;eche|on&gt; str4d could enlighten us here
20:10:15 &lt;i2pr&gt; [Slack/str4d] Sadie isn't going to be attending CCC AIUI (personal matters), and I didn't submit a talk because of Zcash launch business
20:10:24 &lt;zzz&gt; oh and congrats to str4d for the launch, he may be too rich to talk to us now
20:10:47 &lt;i2pr&gt; [Slack/str4d] Heh, unlikely :stuck_out_tongue:
20:10:56 &lt;zzz&gt; ok hopefully sadie and eche|on are coordinated on whether she's going or not, w.r.t. tickets
20:11:02 &lt;i2pr&gt; [Slack/str4d] I'll be working on a talk for YTBI though
20:11:21 &lt;eche|on&gt; zzz: she will not attend 33c3, but will go to RWC
20:11:30 &lt;zzz&gt; ok, anybody seen any chatter on grothoff or whether YBTI will happen?
20:11:51 &lt;zzz&gt; always poorly organized, probably won't find out until later
20:11:55 &lt;eche|on&gt; nothing seen yet, IMHO the ticket issue is a reason to hold back
20:12:09 &lt;i2pr&gt; [Slack/str4d] Good to still have someone going to RWC
20:12:32 &lt;zzz&gt; it's in NYC this year?
20:12:40 &lt;i2pr&gt; [Slack/str4d] Yep
20:12:55 &lt;zzz&gt; nice. maybe we'll get some more ppl to show up too
20:13:02 &lt;zzz&gt; anything else on 1) ?
20:13:12 &lt;eche|on&gt; currently not
20:13:18 &lt;eche|on&gt; I will holler about tickets
20:13:26 &lt;zzz&gt; ok
20:13:44 &lt;zzz&gt; 2) 0.9.28 update
20:14:00 &lt;zzz&gt; I've updated a number of the 3rd party libs we bundle, including jetty
20:14:24 &lt;eche|on&gt; great
20:14:28 &lt;zzz&gt; and jrobin. Also fighting with some java 9 issues. And chasing some transport tickets
20:14:46 &lt;eche|on&gt; and special topics to look at on building updates?
20:14:51 &lt;zzz&gt; as usual, not getting a lot of help on coding or tickets, all help appreciated
20:15:01 &lt;zzz&gt; ech huh?
20:15:40 &lt;i2pr&gt; [Slack/str4d] I have the UI revamp work that I want to tidy up and merge for 0.9.28
20:15:40 &lt;eche|on&gt; ant updatewithjetty is the usual, but with some other new libs, any special to look at?
20:15:57 &lt;zzz&gt; no, nothing special
20:16:06 &lt;eche|on&gt; ok, good
20:16:13 &lt;i2pr&gt; [Slack/str4d] Additionally, I'm going to work on the "setup wizard" feature in November, which I want in 0.9.28 so we have something we can direct new users to at CCC
20:16:32 &lt;zzz&gt; str4d, if you're going to merge something big please do it in the next week, maybe two at the latest, I want to release .28 in mid-dec before ccc
20:16:46 &lt;zzz&gt; str4d, speaking of releases, how's the .27 android release going?
20:16:49 &lt;eche|on&gt; most tickets I cannot help much. but the syndie tickets I can fix, with a small help from you, zzz (after meeet)
20:16:49 &lt;i2pr&gt; [Slack/str4d] ACK
20:17:27 &lt;i2pr&gt; [Slack/str4d] .27 Android release was a non-starter while I was busy with the Zcash launch.
20:17:32 &lt;i2pr&gt; [Slack/str4d] But I'll make time for it this week.
20:17:35 &lt;zzz&gt; after a 4-month cycle over the summer, I want to get back to 6-8 week cycles
20:17:55 &lt;i2pr&gt; [Slack/str4d] I'm also *really* close to having finished merging the I2P-Bote and Bote Android repositories
20:18:00 &lt;zzz&gt; ok, and of course bote needs some love, and not too late for a summer of x blog post
20:18:18 &lt;i2pr&gt; [Slack/str4d] The Gradle plugin for making I2P plugins is working (it seems)
20:18:54 &lt;i2pr&gt; [Slack/str4d] So once I get the last bits merged (which will depend on my uploading router.jar for 0.9.27 to Maven Central along with the other JARs), then things should work fine.
20:19:31 &lt;zzz&gt; str4d, I've made some changes post-27 that may force you to tweak things for android and/or your IDE files or maven, fyi, for .28, but shouldnt affect your 27 release
20:19:44 &lt;i2pr&gt; [Slack/str4d] If not during this week, I'll have time on my hands during my flights back to NZ this weekend.
20:19:49 &lt;i2pr&gt; [Slack/str4d] ACK
20:20:11 &lt;zzz&gt; ok. I didn't really expect you to do anything in october, notwithstanding your optimism :)
20:20:16 &lt;zzz&gt; anything else on 2) ?
20:20:29 &lt;i2pr&gt; [Slack/str4d] I have all the optimisms
20:20:48 &lt;zzz&gt; anything else for the meeting?
20:21:26 * zzz reaches for the baffer
20:22:18 * zzz *baffffffffs*** the meeting closed
</div>
