---
title: "I2P Dev Meeting - March 03, 2016"
date: 2016-03-03
author: "zzz"
description: "I2P development meeting log for March 03, 2016."
categories: ["meeting"]
---

## Quick recap

<p class="attendees-inline"><strong>Present:</strong> anonimal, comraden1, eche|on, hottuna4, orignal\_, sadie_i2p, str4d, Yankee, zzz</p>

## Meeting Log

<div class="irc-log">
20:00:02 &lt;zzz&gt; 0) Hi
20:00:02 &lt;zzz&gt; 1) Review of old assigned tasks still open from Dec. 30 meeting http://zzz.i2p/topics/2014
20:00:02 &lt;zzz&gt; 2) Review of new assigned tasks from Feb. 2 meeting http://zzz.i2p/topics/2014
20:00:02 &lt;zzz&gt; 3) Prep and schedule for roadmap meetings http://zzz.i2p/topics/2021
20:00:02 &lt;zzz&gt; 4) Code of Conduct proposal (Sadie) http://zzz.i2p/topics/2015?page=2
20:00:12 &lt;zzz&gt; 0) Hi
20:00:15 &lt;zzz&gt; hi
20:00:25 &lt;anonimal&gt; Hi
20:00:38 &lt;str4d&gt; Hi
20:01:07 &lt;zzz&gt; 1) Review of old assigned tasks still open from Dec. 30 meeting http://zzz.i2p/topics/2014
20:01:19 &lt;hottuna4&gt; hi
20:01:37 &lt;zzz&gt; gravy to post one on encrypted leasesets by Jan. 27, or different topic, by Feb. 15
20:01:51 &lt;zzz&gt; anybody know about gravy's status?
20:03:13 &lt;anonimal&gt; Nope.
20:03:47 &lt;sadie_i2p&gt; busy irl
20:04:07 &lt;zzz&gt; sadie_i2p, you have a new date from him?
20:04:24 &lt;sadie_i2p&gt; waiting for new date from Gravy
20:04:33 &lt;zzz&gt; ok, we'll roll it over to next meeting
20:04:42 &lt;zzz&gt; Sadie to work with J to get his reseed blog post up, new date mid-Feb.
20:04:49 &lt;zzz&gt; sadie_i2p, what's the latest on this?
20:05:42 &lt;sadie_i2p&gt; J is busy also, working with Back up
20:06:07 &lt;zzz&gt; sadie_i2p, is a blog post going to happen at this point or should we move on?
20:06:44 &lt;sadie_i2p&gt; back up and I working on something else at this point - blog post will probably not happen
20:06:58 &lt;zzz&gt; ok, I'll scratch it off the list
20:07:02 &lt;sadie_i2p&gt; move on
20:07:17 &lt;zzz&gt; Sadie to contact backup to discuss reseed campaign, new date mid-Feb.
20:07:32 &lt;zzz&gt; sadie_i2p, what are you and backup cooking up?
20:07:34 &lt;anonimal&gt; Feb?
20:07:54 &lt;zzz&gt; yes anonimal these are all past-due items
20:08:26 &lt;sadie_i2p&gt; new content and graphics 
20:08:51 &lt;zzz&gt; for the website i presume
20:08:55 &lt;sadie_i2p&gt; there will be delays on this due to schedules but back up is now working on content and I am working on graphics for the site
20:09:15 &lt;zzz&gt; what about the "campaign" beyond the website itself?
20:09:30 &lt;zzz&gt; what do you guys have planned? and when?
20:09:34 &lt;eche|on&gt; great
20:09:47 &lt;sadie_i2p&gt; we will prepare a new page for the site and then begin directing people there via social media etc...
20:10:00 &lt;sadie_i2p&gt; maybe use new stickers as incentive too
20:10:10 &lt;eche|on&gt; stickers!
20:10:17 &lt;zzz&gt; ooh yeah, stickers to reseeders, great idea
20:10:19 &lt;str4d&gt; Is this a "what is reseed" page, or a "how to run a reseed" guide?
20:10:49 &lt;sadie_i2p&gt; this is a new how to run a reseed guide
20:11:36 &lt;zzz&gt; sadie_i2p, can you please give us the next milestone for this? (date, what it is)
20:12:12 &lt;str4d&gt; This would be a guide for "users" of or contributors to I2P then, rather than developers
20:12:26 &lt;str4d&gt; So I'll think of a better place to put these guides
20:13:07 &lt;sadie_i2p&gt; this has the potential to take a bit longer - I will say in two months time latest
20:13:10 &lt;str4d&gt; except hmm...
20:13:21 &lt;sadie_i2p&gt; The guide will be for users of and contributors
20:13:45 &lt;zzz&gt; sadie_i2p, please give us an intermediate milestone for next month
20:13:59 &lt;sadie_i2p&gt; can probably provide content up date in one month
20:14:02 &lt;str4d&gt; Actually, I guess it does belong under "Get involved -&gt; Guides"
20:14:11 &lt;zzz&gt; ok great
20:14:16 &lt;zzz&gt; moving on
20:14:26 &lt;zzz&gt; str4d, gravy, cacapo: Add use cases, what are we best at, more "passion" and "fat", add / highlight Bote, by end of
20:14:39 &lt;zzz&gt; January OPEN, new date March 1
20:14:50 &lt;zzz&gt; I saw that cacapo wrote up some nice use cases
20:15:06 &lt;str4d&gt; Yah, based on dymaxion's examples
20:15:11 &lt;zzz&gt; str4d, what's the status on pulling that into the website along with some passion and fat?
20:15:21 &lt;Yankee&gt; Hello ladies and gentlemen!
20:15:35 &lt;str4d&gt; IMHO the content needs a little polishing (feels a bit too "I2P to the rescue!")
20:16:03 &lt;str4d&gt; As for where on the site, I'm still not quite sure where to fit this in
20:16:05 &lt;zzz&gt; str4d, was due march 1, can you give us a new date for getting this on to the website?
20:16:45 &lt;str4d&gt; The "goal" of this item was to do something better than the current middle-column of the front-page and the supported applications page
20:18:02 &lt;str4d&gt; zzz, I can put the page up at a URL
20:18:42 &lt;zzz&gt; are you and sadie_i2p on the same page on what this work item is? sadie added this to the todo list at ccc
20:20:29 &lt;str4d&gt; It
20:20:45 &lt;str4d&gt; 's a start, but we still need to figure out the broader information architecture
20:20:57 &lt;str4d&gt; what it is we are actually trying to convey with the homepage
20:21:42 &lt;zzz&gt; ok so give me a date for the first part
20:21:49 &lt;zzz&gt; please
20:22:12 &lt;str4d&gt; I will migrate the use cases document to the website by the end of this week
20:22:42 &lt;str4d&gt; And a further status report at the next meeting on the homepage rearchitecture
20:23:04 &lt;zzz&gt; ok great, hopefully you and sadie can discuss the details on the larger goals of fat and passion.
20:23:39 &lt;zzz&gt; comraden to edit / polish / enhance / post I2P story by end of February
20:24:13 &lt;zzz&gt; anybody know what comraden1 is up to? I need the edited draft back from him, then I want to take one more pass at it
20:25:00 &lt;zzz&gt; this was due on the website monday
20:25:30 &lt;sadie_i2p&gt; new date is April 1 
20:25:59 &lt;zzz&gt; ok. i need the draft back from him in a couple weeks then
20:26:14 &lt;anonimal&gt; zzz: Link to present story draft?
20:26:39 &lt;zzz&gt; what's on zzzi2p is still the latest. I don't want to make any changes while comraden1 has the "master"
20:26:53 &lt;zzz&gt; ok moving on
20:27:09 &lt;zzz&gt; tickets: Sadie to review, make recommendations or possibly start managing them (by when?) OPEN - new date mid-Feb. (?)
20:27:09 &lt;anonimal&gt; Ok.
20:27:30 &lt;zzz&gt; sadie_i2p, how's this big task going?
20:28:06 &lt;sadie_i2p&gt; ugh
20:29:12 &lt;zzz&gt; need a little more than just ugh :)
20:29:14 &lt;str4d&gt; It was a sizeable task :P
20:29:35 &lt;sadie_i2p&gt; str4d and I have talked about weekly ticket meetings
20:29:56 &lt;zzz&gt; that could be more feasible than some one-time 'review'
20:30:06 &lt;str4d&gt; I thought I brought this up at an earlier meeting, but in case I didn't: I added an "open" status to Trac, to denote tickets we devs have seen but there is no one assigned or no particular status.
20:30:26 &lt;str4d&gt; My goal of that was to differentiate those tickets from actually-new tickets
20:30:26 &lt;sadie_i2p&gt; yes it would
20:30:26 &lt;zzz&gt; sadie_i2p, have you gotten into it enough to make any recommendations on how we are managing tickets?
20:31:08 &lt;str4d&gt; So the pile of "new" tickets is a darn sight smaller now I've kicked the ones we opened ourselves
20:31:15 &lt;sadie_i2p&gt; at this point my best recommendation is weekly check in and triage 
20:32:34 &lt;str4d&gt; +1
20:32:34 &lt;zzz&gt; ok. are we ready yet to schedule the first meeting or is there more organizing to do first?
20:33:28 &lt;str4d&gt; I'm still travelling, so I'd prefer to wait until next week
20:33:46 &lt;zzz&gt; ok. if you haven't scheduled anything before the April meeting, we will ping you then
20:34:05 &lt;zzz&gt; str4d Android 0.9.24 release by Feb 7, TODO list collated by Feb. 26
20:34:21 &lt;zzz&gt; seems like you're behind on those :)
20:34:28 &lt;str4d&gt; Heh
20:34:34 &lt;zzz&gt; new dates?
20:34:37 &lt;str4d&gt; Both of those failed miserably, because PhD thesis
20:34:55 &lt;str4d&gt; (which I *finally* got submitted mid-Feb)
20:35:04 &lt;str4d&gt; I'm working on cutting 0.9.24 as we speak
20:35:06 &lt;zzz&gt; woot.
20:35:10 &lt;str4d&gt; (on sloooooow laptop()
20:35:14 &lt;str4d&gt; )
20:35:16 &lt;zzz&gt; and the todo list?
20:35:31 &lt;str4d&gt; Todo list collation will happen in the next few days
20:35:41 &lt;zzz&gt; ok, we're going to hold you to it
20:35:51 &lt;str4d&gt; heh :P
20:36:01 &lt;zzz&gt; str4d and zzz to review VRP ticket by Feb 12. I did my side.
20:36:06 &lt;str4d&gt; It's mainly just going through the in-repo todo list and looking for things missing from my personal todo list
20:36:14 &lt;zzz&gt; new date for that?
20:36:20 &lt;anonimal&gt; Re: #1119, I'm just now seeing zzz's latest comment from 3 weeks ago. I never received an email nor have I been receiving emails from github or other things over the past few weeks to @mail.i2p/@i2pmail.org.
20:36:32 &lt;anonimal&gt; I'm seriously wondering if postman's email service is having problems.
20:36:37 &lt;str4d&gt; Another thesis casualty. I'll read through it this afternoon after 0.9.24 is out
20:36:46 &lt;anonimal&gt; I may have to switch email :/
20:36:49 &lt;zzz&gt; ok great
20:36:49 &lt;str4d&gt; anonimal, yah, I have had serious issues lately too (lots of email getting bounced)
20:37:03 &lt;zzz&gt; believe it or not, I think that's all for 1)
20:37:11 &lt;zzz&gt; and 2)
20:37:17 &lt;str4d&gt; (since about Feb 6ish)
20:37:22 &lt;anonimal&gt; zzz: I'll read your comments more in-depth and rewrite the VRP.
20:37:28 &lt;zzz&gt; 3) Prep and schedule for roadmap meetings http://zzz.i2p/topics/2021
20:37:33 &lt;anonimal&gt; Wait!
20:37:45 &lt;zzz&gt; ok, sorry, anything else on  1 or 2?
20:37:45 &lt;anonimal&gt; For 1): decision on H1?
20:38:06 &lt;anonimal&gt; The decision on H1 was moved to 1) from what I remember.
20:38:41 &lt;anonimal&gt; Or not, either way I think we'll cover it today.
20:38:47 &lt;zzz&gt; at the last meeting, we decided we would wrap up the VRP and h1 discussions at the roadmap meetings march 4-6
20:39:11 &lt;anonimal&gt; K.
20:39:23 &lt;zzz&gt; I just schedule those, we're going to do them tomorrow and sunday at 3 PM UTC. anonimal can you make either of those meetings?
20:39:30 &lt;str4d&gt; Woo, that gives me a chance to review :P
20:41:08 &lt;zzz&gt; so that takes us to 3)
20:41:11 &lt;zzz&gt; as I said
20:41:19 &lt;zzz&gt; I just schedule those, we're going to do them tomorrow and sunday at 3 PM UTC. 
20:41:21 &lt;anonimal&gt; zzz: Eek, saturday is kovri's whopping two hour minimum 6pm UTC meeting.
20:41:21 * anonimal thinking
20:41:23 &lt;anonimal&gt; zzz: How long do you think saturday's meeting will run to?
20:41:33 &lt;orignal_&gt; does everybody have to care about kovri meeting here?
20:41:40 &lt;zzz&gt; our meetings will be friday and sunday. no saturday.
20:41:46 &lt;orignal_&gt; or it can be sorted out privately?
20:42:05 &lt;zzz&gt; I propose we do VRP first thing in the sunday meeting. ok?
20:42:06 * anonimal lost track of days
20:42:11 &lt;anonimal&gt; I can do Sunday.
20:42:16 &lt;anonimal&gt; Ok, sounds great.
20:43:00 &lt;zzz&gt; these are going to be informal meetings, reviewing where we are at and where we want to go
20:43:11 &lt;zzz&gt; the goal is to set a roadmap for the rest of the year at least
20:43:22 &lt;zzz&gt; the second meeting may be more structured
20:43:46 &lt;zzz&gt; I'm kindof stuck on what I should be doing next and for the rest of the year. so these meetings are vital to\
20:43:52 &lt;zzz&gt; setting the direction for me
20:44:08 &lt;str4d&gt; Mmmk
20:44:15 &lt;anonimal&gt; K.
20:44:37 &lt;zzz&gt; so friday will be more informal review or priorities. Sunday we'll start with h1/vrp, then move to really nail down the roadmap for .26-.29
20:44:47 &lt;zzz&gt; anything else on 3)
20:45:31 &lt;zzz&gt; moving on to 4)
20:45:39 &lt;zzz&gt; 4) Code of Conduct proposal (Sadie) http://zzz.i2p/topics/2015?page=2
20:45:56 &lt;zzz&gt; i see she's now proposed doing something similar to debian
20:46:00 &lt;zzz&gt; ah back just in time
20:46:12 &lt;zzz&gt; anybody have any thoughts on the debian coc?
20:46:48 &lt;orignal_&gt; dedian is not an anonymous network
20:46:56 * str4d pulls up the link
20:47:05 &lt;str4d&gt; orignal_, no, but it is FOSS
20:47:08 &lt;zzz&gt; but what's your thoughts on their CoC orignal_ ?
20:47:17 &lt;orignal_&gt; people comes to I2P for different reasons
20:47:33 &lt;anonimal&gt; IMO, it's a little limp and I'm not sure how anything is enforced.
20:48:02 &lt;orignal_&gt; zzz, their CoC is suitable for them since it's an established project with history
20:48:04 &lt;zzz&gt; sadie, what do you like about the debian CoC?
20:48:14 &lt;orignal_&gt; I2P is completely different
20:48:32 &lt;sadie_i2p&gt; it seemed to provide a good basic structure for us to start with at least
20:48:40 &lt;str4d&gt; orignal_, and I2P's&gt;10-year history doesn't make it an established project?
20:48:45 &lt;zzz&gt; sure, we're different, but we are indeed an established project with history
20:48:51 &lt;orignal_&gt; the last things people come here to listen this HR's BS again
20:49:31 &lt;zzz&gt; I dont see what the reasons have for coming to a project has to do with the standards for how they should behave once they get here
20:49:41 &lt;zzz&gt; HR?
20:50:31 &lt;sadie_i2p&gt; I am looking for examples that are simple and to the point - 
20:50:31 &lt;sadie_i2p&gt; so perhaps not the best, but somewhere to start
20:51:29 &lt;zzz&gt; do we think the debian one is the best place to start, or would the monero be better
20:51:36 &lt;orignal_&gt; str4d, unfortunally not
20:51:51 &lt;str4d&gt; orignal_, "people != developers", once again.
20:51:53 &lt;orignal_&gt; compare how many people use Debian and I2P
20:52:11 &lt;orignal_&gt; donn't try to copy a big guys, you are not at that league yet
20:52:12 &lt;str4d&gt; We can't conflate users with developers.
20:52:21 &lt;zzz&gt; I think if we can pick the one closest to our goal, then we can ask some people to work on editing it to fit our situation
20:52:42 &lt;str4d&gt; That would be like saying "anyone who installs Debian OS cannot say anything we don't like"
20:52:42 &lt;str4d&gt; That is *not* what the point is here
20:52:53 &lt;str4d&gt; And therefore, userbase does not matter for this discussion
20:52:54 &lt;sadie_i2p&gt; monero has a very good one as well - if this is better of the two I have no objection
20:53:21 &lt;orignal_&gt; zzz, CoC is a HR's stuff
20:53:21 &lt;orignal_&gt; nothing else
20:53:28 &lt;zzz&gt; opinions from others on debian vs. monero ?
20:53:44 &lt;anonimal&gt; + Monero
20:53:49 &lt;zzz&gt; orignal_, what do you mean by "HR"?
20:54:07 &lt;orignal_&gt; HR = human resource
20:54:24 &lt;zzz&gt; moneros is shorter than debian, so I guess it's easier to start small
20:55:13 &lt;zzz&gt; do we have any volunteers to mark up the monero CoC with proposed changes and come back with it next month?
20:55:18 &lt;str4d&gt; zzz, I like the essence of the Debian one, in that it covers a lot of what I think we care about (e.g. point 2 would have been very useful recently)
20:55:26 &lt;zzz&gt; or the debian one
20:55:28 &lt;orignal_&gt; my opinion again, it's a time for it yet
20:55:40 &lt;zzz&gt; we don't have to decide now on debian vs monero
20:55:48 &lt;zzz&gt; orignal_, we got your message loud and clear, thanks
20:55:59 &lt;str4d&gt; And it isn't too prescriptive
20:56:13 &lt;zzz&gt; no decisions made. we're just discussing.
20:56:40 &lt;sadie_i2p&gt; we can use what is most applicable from both
20:56:43 &lt;anonimal&gt; Re: CoC,
20:56:56 &lt;str4d&gt; I also like point 6 - that in responding to issues, the responder should also be respectful of the CoC
20:57:03 &lt;anonimal&gt; https://github.com/monero-project/kovri/blob/master/doc/CONTRIBUTING.md
20:57:09 &lt;anonimal&gt; Also includes beautiful Monero governance process graphic.
20:57:30 &lt;comraden1&gt; zzz: re: draft -- I've been hit with an increase of crap at work and I'm dealing with a family member who went back into remission, so the history draft got put on the back burner. sadie_i2p mentioned 2016-04-01 as the new date which I'll try to meet
20:57:30 &lt;str4d&gt; Ooh, pictures!
20:57:48 &lt;comraden1&gt; zzz: apologies for being out of the loop for a few weeks!
20:58:06 &lt;anonimal&gt; str4d zzz: Yeah, and I'd be willing to patch the contributing guide to suit java i2p.
20:58:52 &lt;anonimal&gt; Hi comraden1, I'm posting something to the story of i2p page for review.
20:59:30 &lt;sadie_i2p&gt; i'll volunteer
20:59:58 &lt;comraden1&gt; anonimal: hey thanks :) if it's on forum I'll get to it next time I hop on. Feel free to pm it to me or reach out on clearnet
21:00:05 &lt;zzz&gt; ok, excellent. Sadie_i2p and anonimal, can you come back with a recommendation at next month's meeting?
21:00:20 &lt;sadie_i2p&gt; sure
21:00:25 &lt;zzz&gt; comraden1, thanks for the update, sorry to hear about the family issues
21:00:31 &lt;zzz&gt; anything else on 4) ?
21:00:40 * zzz warms up the baffer
21:00:48 &lt;zzz&gt; anything else for the meeting?
21:00:54 &lt;orignal_&gt; yes, writing CoC for somebody seems a better work
21:01:13 &lt;anonimal&gt; Yes, though because i2pmail is problematic lately, sadie_i2p and I should try to chat over IRC if possible.
21:01:21 &lt;anonimal&gt; No, nothing else for meeting from me zzz.
21:01:52 &lt;zzz&gt; orignal_, please do not interrupt our meeting with snide comments about kovri. It went way too far last month and I promised I wouldn't let it happen again
21:02:07 &lt;orignal_&gt; did I?
21:02:41 * zzz *bafs* the meeting closed
21:02:45 &lt;zzz&gt; thanks everybody
</div>
