---
title: "Reunião de desenvolvedores do I2P"
date: 2003-07-22
author: "nop"
description: "Reunião de desenvolvimento do I2P abordando atualizações do projeto e discussões técnicas"
categories: ["meeting"]
---

(Cortesia da Wayback Machine http://www.archive.org/)

## Resumo rápido

<p class="attendees-inline"><strong>Presentes:</strong> cohesion, hezekiah, jeet, jeremiah, jrand0m, mihi, nemesis, nop, thecrypto, wilde, Zwolly</p>

## Registro da reunião

<div class="irc-log"> --- Log opened Tue Jul 22 15:56:06 2003 15:56 <@hezekiah> jrand0m: Righto! 15:56 -!- mode/#iip-dev [+o jrand0m] by hezekiah 15:56 <@cohesion> log enabled 15:56 <@jrand0m> w00t 15:56 <@nop> we need to add cohesion and remove mids on dev list 15:56 <@hezekiah> Excelent. :) 15:56 <@hezekiah> What dev list? 15:56 <@cohesion> nop: i tried CVS and it wouldn't accept my user/pass 15:56 <@nop> ok, I'll add you 15:56 <@nop> hold 15:56 <@nop> what is your sf id 15:56 <@cohesion> cohesion 15:56 <@nop> pmsg me if you need 15:56 <@nop> ok 15:57 <@cohesion> i think 15:57 -!- thecrypto [thecrypto@anon.iip] has joined #iip-dev 15:57 <@hezekiah> BTW, everyone I will be leaving around 22:15. 15:57 <@hezekiah> UTC 15:57 <@cohesion> yea 15:57 <@cohesion> hezekiah: okay 15:58 <@nop> cohesion: you're in 15:58 <@nop> we need to update website 15:58 <@cohesion> nop: okay 15:58 <@cohesion> nop: i'll try it now 15:58 <@nop> and we need to start modelling the IIP with an I2P 15:58 < thecrypto> hey 15:58 < thecrypto> i made it 15:58 <@nop> ok 15:58 <@nop> werd 15:58 <@nop> ;) 16:00 <@hezekiah> jrand0m? I just looked at your revision to the 16:00 <@hezekiah> development schedual. 16:01 <@jrand0m> si sr? 16:01 <@hezekiah> The graph with the bars and lines gets chopped off at 16:01 <@hezekiah> the right hand side; I can't see the rest of it. 16:01 <@jrand0m> yeah, ganttproject isn't quite perfect, but its better 16:01 <@jrand0m> than doing it by hand. 16:01 <@jrand0m> the things at the far right are the last tasks - 16:01 <@jrand0m> nothing is after them 16:01 <@hezekiah> But I can 16:01 <@jrand0m> the tasks there are listed, in order, on the 16:01 <@jrand0m> index-tasks.html 16:01 <@hezekiah> can't even see what the tasks are. 16:02 <@hezekiah> OK. :) I'll just have to settle for text. 16:02 <@hezekiah> nop: Are we going to start soon? I'm going to have to 16:02 <@hezekiah> leave at 22:15 UTC, but I'd like to catch as much of the meeting as 16:02 <@hezekiah> possible. 16:02 <@jrand0m> let me see if I can make a big task to fix that... 16:02 <@hezekiah> jrand0m: Thanks. :) 16:03 <@nop> yes 16:03 <@nop> alright 16:03 <@nop> agenda 16:03 <@nop> 1) 16:03 <@nop> welcome 16:03 <@nop> 2) 16:03 <@nop> Website future 16:03 <@nop> 3) 16:03 <@nop> bug fixes with 1.1 16:03 <@nop> 4) 16:03 <@nop> I2P 16:03 <@nop> 5) 16:03 <@nop> Suggestions and comments 16:03 <@nop> welcome all 16:04 <@nop> moving to 2 16:04 <@nop> website 16:04 <@nop> cohesion, are your maintanance website skills up to par? 16:04 <@cohesion> aye 16:04 <@cohesion> XHTML and CSS are my specialties 16:04 <@nop> ok, we are assuming you can do website stuff, changes etc 16:04 <@nop> ok 16:04 <@cohesion> yep 16:05 <@cohesion> granted that i can get CVS to cooperate :) 16:05 <@nop> easy 16:05 <@nop> export CVS_RSH=ssh 16:05 <@nop> and don't use pserver 16:05 <@nop> use d:ext 16:05 <@cohesion> i'm using gruntspud to CVS interfacing 16:05 <@nop> ok 16:05 <@cohesion> it's part of my text editor 16:05 <@cohesion> it should work 16:05 <@cohesion> we can talk about that later though 16:05 <@cohesion> i'm trying it now 16:05 -!- thecrypto [thecrypto@anon.iip] has quit [Ping timeout] 16:05 <@nop> if you have issues let me know right away if you can, so I 16:05 <@nop> can assist this because I have a bunch of tasks 16:06 <@nop> also 16:06 <@nop> we need to look at making an I2P section 16:06 <@nop> since it's going to be the next big project 16:06 <@nop> I'll talk to ellison to see if he's contribute a bit of his 16:06 <@nop> web design skills to add to that for a template 16:06 <@hezekiah> Should I2P be a section of invisiblenet.net or 16:06 <@hezekiah> invisiblenet.net/iip? (I vote for the former.) 16:06 <@nop> and we can get that hashed out 16:06 <@cohesion> ok 16:06 <@nop> former as well 16:06 <@jrand0m> former 16:06 <@nop> it would be under projects 16:07 -!- thecrypto [~thecrypto@anon.iip] has joined #iip-dev 16:07 <@nop> iip is one project 16:07 <@nop> i2p is another 16:07 <@hezekiah> So, invisiblenet.net/i2p 16:07 <@nop> yes 16:07 <@hezekiah> Right. That's the way I see it too. :) 16:07 <@nop> anyone here good at making a logo? 16:07 <@nop> volunteers are welcome 16:07 <@nop> just submit to iip-dev list 16:07 <@nop> ok moving on 16:07 <@nop> bug fixes in 1.1 16:07 <@jrand0m> h/o 16:07 * hezekiah would like to point out that his skills at the GIMP are 16:07 * hezekiah> to be avoided like WMD. 16:08 <@jrand0m> would it be possible to keep the i2p stuff off the web 16:08 <@jrand0m> until we're ready for beta? 16:08 <@cohesion> i suggest we use the wiki for collaborating on the i2p 16:08 <@cohesion> documents 16:08 <@nop> yes 16:08 <@cohesion> i can set up a restricted area 16:08 <@nop> that's possible 16:08 <@hezekiah> jrand0m: Are you thinking of a big smash announcement 16:08 <@hezekiah> on /. or something once we have it in good order? 16:08 <@nop> cohesion: I concur 16:08 <@jrand0m> yes hezekiah 16:08 <@jrand0m> word cohesion 16:09 <@nop> ok 16:09 <@nop> let's look at 1.1 for a sec 16:09 <@nop> hezekiah you made a discovery, that has not to do with 16:09 <@nop> focus? 16:09 <@nop> or what? 16:10 <@hezekiah> The code is fine. 16:10 <@hezekiah> The problem is communication, not code. 16:10 <@hezekiah> The user has to move the mouse aroung _inside_ the 16:10 <@hezekiah> dialog box. 16:10 < mihi> the dialog lacks a progress bar to give feedback if the 16:10 < mihi> user does it correctly 16:10 <@nop> yes that's true 16:10 <@hezekiah> He can move the mouse around _outside_ the dialog box 16:10 <@hezekiah> until he's blue in the face, but it won't gather entropy. (Which is what 16:10 <@hezekiah> these users are doing.) 16:10 <@nop> it does lack a dialog box 16:11 <@hezekiah> A progress bar would be a plus. 16:11 <@hezekiah> And should be somewhat easy to implement ... if I 16:11 <@hezekiah> could understand the tangle that UI code in IIP is. 16:11 <@cohesion> or even some feedback 16:11 <@hezekiah> Anyway, I posted my suggestions to the mailing list. 16:12 <@nop> it's in win32 api 16:12 <@nop> ;) 16:12 <@hezekiah> Either capture the mouse (I couldn't get M$ to 16:12 <@hezekiah> cooperate to do that), or make the dialog box message explain to the 16:12 <@hezekiah> user he needs to move the mouse around _inside_ the dialog box. 16:12 <@hezekiah> nop: I know. 16:12 <@nop> fine hezekiah be that way :) 16:12 <@hezekiah> What? 16:12 <@hezekiah> What did I do? 16:12 * hezekiah is confused 16:12 < thecrypto> how about just maximize the dialog box? 16:12 <@nop> hezekiah: I'm just messin' with ya 16:13 <@hezekiah> nop: OK. :) 16:13 <@hezekiah> Where's UserX? He knows more about the IIP UI code 16:13 <@hezekiah> than I do. 16:14 <@hezekiah> thecrypto: As for maximizing, well, the user might not 16:14 <@hezekiah> like a rabid dialog box consuming his entire screen. 16:14 <@hezekiah> Mouse capture is ideal, but as I said, I couldn't get 16:14 <@hezekiah> M$ to do it. 16:14 <@jrand0m> many other apps don't capture the mouse 16:14 <@jrand0m> a status bar plus explaination seems typical 16:15 <@hezekiah> Anyway, that's the 'bug'. 16:15 <@hezekiah> How do you want it fixed nop? 16:15 <@nop> well 16:15 <@nop> I would think if possible we could have a meter that shows 16:15 <@nop> the entropy gathering for sure 16:16 <@hezekiah> OK. 16:16 <@nop> and definitely fixes the language. Have you exhausted the 16:16 <@nop> research on capturing the mouse movements? 16:16 <@hezekiah> To the point of my patience. 16:16 <@hezekiah> Seriously, what I did _should_ work. 16:16 <@nop> I assume that's a lot? 16:16 <@hezekiah> Well, I didn't get much sleep last night. 16:17 <@nop> hmm 16:17 <@nop> let's try to get a meter bar and the language fixed 16:17 <@nop> that will give us an idea 16:17 <@hezekiah> Because it isn't working, I'm assuming the M$ docs are 16:17 <@hezekiah> lieing to me (very possible) or something 'unknown' is happening in the 16:17 <@hezekiah> IIP UI code. 16:17 <@nop> right 16:17 <@hezekiah> Righto. :) 16:17 * hezekiah now gets down on his knees and prays that UserX wrote 16:17 * hezekiah> UI code for a progress bar. 16:19 <@nop> haha 16:19 <@nop> if not go to planet-source-code.com 16:19 <@nop> there's a lot of samples there 16:19 <@hezekiah> The win32 API I can manage (though I detest it.) 16:19 <@nop> I hate it as well 16:19 <@hezekiah> But UserX/whoever-originally-wrote-this made a wrapper 16:19 <@hezekiah> around it. 16:19 <@hezekiah> It's the wrapper I'm worried about. 16:19 * nop is coding in it right now for work 16:19 <@hezekiah> I'm looking into it now. 16:20 <@hezekiah> Let's move on to the next agenda item. 16:20 -!- jeremiah-gym is now known as jeremiah 16:20 <@nop> ok 16:20 <@nop> next item is i2p 16:20 < jeremiah> hi 16:20 <@nop> hi 16:20 <@nop> jrand0m you start 16:20 <@hezekiah> jeremiah: Just in time! 16:20 < jeremiah> hezekiah: nop and I are oddly time synced, as you'll 16:20 < jeremiah> learn 16:20 <@jrand0m> 'k, has everyone had a chance to check out the roadmap? 16:21 <@hezekiah> Yeah. 16:21 <@jrand0m> its obviously draft, and things after the 1.0 milestone 16:21 <@jrand0m> are largely up in the air, but its something to start from 16:21 <@jrand0m> I've updated it beyond whats on the list to include 16:21 <@jrand0m> hezekiah jumping on the C api (w00t!) 16:22 -!- jeet [~miteymous@anon.iip] has joined #iip-dev 16:22 <@jrand0m> basically, after this coming friday, we'll have the API 16:22 <@jrand0m> protocol spec'ed out, which will mean we can parallelize a lot 16:22 < jeet> hello ;) 16:22 <@jrand0m> 'lo jeet 16:22 < jeet> hey if i make a server is it possible to change anon.iip 16:22 < jeet> to whatever i want 16:22 <@jrand0m> rough gut question: how insane does the r2 roadmap 16:22 <@jrand0m> sound? are schedules insane, are there things missing, are things in the 16:22 <@jrand0m> wrong order or dependencies not represented? 16:22 <@nop> yes 16:22 < jeet> kewl 16:23 <@hezekiah> jrand0m: I would concur the entire thing is insane. 16:23 <@hezekiah> However, I think (until I get to college) it should be doable. 16:23 <@jrand0m> heh 16:23 < jeet> this is a very cool thing you guys have done ;X 16:23 <@hezekiah> Though I'm not sure nop and UserX can design that IRC 16:23 <@hezekiah> protocol even in 21 days. 16:23 <@hezekiah> nop: ;-) 16:23 <@nop> no 16:23 <@jrand0m> ok, you're off to uni in late august? mid august? when 16:23 <@jrand0m> should we pencil you in for less activity? 16:23 <@hezekiah> Around August 20th I'm of. 16:23 <@hezekiah> off. 16:24 <@jrand0m> 'k 16:24 <@hezekiah> Until then I'm a rabid nermal! :) 16:24 < jeremiah> I'm off about the same time 16:24 < jeremiah> (to univ) 16:25 <@nop> ok 16:25 <@jrand0m> so we'll have to get more resources on the 'implement 16:25 <@jrand0m> IRC' task or just drop the task from the 1.0 release 16:25 <@hezekiah> I wouldn 16:25 <@hezekiah> wouldn't make the 1.0 release dependant on IRC. 16:25 <@nop> I believe that we will need to delay the task 16:25 < jeet> [17:23] -anon.iip- CTCP (except ACTION) and DCC are 16:25 < jeet> disabled <- how can i stop this from poppiing up every 3 minutes? 16:25 <@hezekiah> Do the IRC, but let i2p 1.0 come out when it's ready. 16:26 < thecrypto> wow, i'm half way through college as two others just 16:26 < thecrypto> start :) 16:26 <@jrand0m> lol 16:27 <@jrand0m> I concur hezekiah 16:27 <@hezekiah> Cool. I still think i2p will be it's own killer app. 16:27 <@jrand0m> so that basically means all I2P 1.0 requires after 16:27 <@jrand0m> august is a month of debugging and documentation to go from alpha to 16:27 <@jrand0m> beta to 1.0 16:28 <@jrand0m> hezekiah> definitely. we need to get a demo app out on 16:28 <@jrand0m> it first - does the instant messenger app + file transfer sound good to 16:28 <@jrand0m> people for that? 16:28 -!- jeet [~miteymous@anon.iip] has quit [ircN 7.27 + 7.0 for mIRC 16:28 <@jrand0m> (2002/01/10 00.00)] 16:28 <@hezekiah> Well, you said it best: 'demo'. From my view, it 16:28 <@hezekiah> doesn't need to be special. It just needs to prove the network is worth 16:28 <@hezekiah> developing on. 16:29 <@hezekiah> So the IM client would be a good demo, in my opinion. 16:29 < Zwolly> file transfer is one thing i really would like to see so 16:29 < Zwolly> gimme a demo 16:29 <@hezekiah> Zwolly: lol 16:29 <@nop> yes 16:29 < Zwolly> and see me as an "normal" user 16:30 <@hezekiah> Zwolly: You can be our guniea pig! ;-) 16:30 * hezekiah starts mixing poisinous code in his lab. ;-) 16:30 < Zwolly> hmmm yummie 16:31 <@jrand0m> ok, one last thing on i2p 16:31 <@nop> sure 16:32 <@jrand0m> nop> any chance we can get a non sourceforge trusted 16:32 <@jrand0m> cvs server? 16:32 <@jrand0m> sourceforge has more problems than these college 16:32 <@jrand0m> student's exams 16:32 <@nop> yes 16:32 <@nop> I will arrange that and have it up by next week 16:32 <@jrand0m> awesome. thanks 16:32 <@nop> also 16:32 <@nop> I may be able to get a compile farm 16:32 <@nop> that is not sf 16:32 <@nop> with vpn access to it 16:32 <@hezekiah> Compile farm!? 16:32 <@jrand0m> compile farm? bah, we can just run ant :) 16:32 <@hezekiah> jrand0m: All code is not Java. 16:32 <@hezekiah> I personally love compile farms. 16:32 <@hezekiah> :) 16:32 <@jrand0m> ant == make. it can run gcc / etc 16:32 <@nop> hezekiah: send me a list of viable platforms we'll need to 16:32 <@nop> test on 16:32 <@jrand0m> 'k, if we really need the cpu power of a compile farm, 16:32 <@jrand0m> thats great 16:33 < wilde> what license are you planning to use? 16:33 <@nop> GPL 16:33 <@jrand0m> GPL cool with everyone for this? 16:33 < wilde> k nice 16:33 <@hezekiah> I'm very pro GPL. 16:33 <@hezekiah> But one warning 16:33 <@hezekiah> For the API's we will probably need LGPL. Otherwise 16:33 <@hezekiah> all programs made for this network MUST be GPL 16:33 <@jrand0m> we may want to go LGPL down the line 16:33 <@jrand0m> yeah 16:33 <@jrand0m> we MUST not require all apps using I2P to be GPL'ed 16:33 <@hezekiah> So the router should be GPL, but the API's will 16:33 <@hezekiah> probably need to be LGPL at some time. 16:33 <@hezekiah> jrand0m: Then we'll need an LGPL API. 16:33 <@hezekiah> The only problem that poses is getting a good crypto 16:33 <@hezekiah> kit for C that is compatible with LGPL. 16:33 <@hezekiah> I don't think Cryptlib's Sleepycat license is. 16:33 <@hezekiah> I could email the author and ask for an exception or 16:33 <@hezekiah> something if I need to when the time comes. 16:33 <@jrand0m> hezekiah> not need, want. the API comm layer will be an 16:33 <@jrand0m> open spec, so anyone can write their own and not link to any of our 16:33 <@jrand0m> libraries 16:33 <@hezekiah> Right. 16:33 <@nop> right 16:33 <@hezekiah> So for now we can even make GPL API's if we need to. 16:34 <@hezekiah> OK, one question for jrand0m: 16:34 < jeremiah> but we should try to have non-viral ones asap 16:34 <@hezekiah> I agree. 16:34 < wilde> http://www.virtualunlimited.com/products/beecrypt/ 16:34 < wilde> Bee Crypt is LGPL, i've used once 16:34 <@hezekiah> wilde: Beecrypt is far beneath what is required 16:34 <@hezekiah> unfortunately. 16:34 <@nop> yes 16:34 <@nop> I don't think we should use a crypto lib like Beecrypt 16:34 <@jrand0m> word wilde 16:34 <@cohesion> hezekiah: there's tons of crypto code in 16:34 <@cohesion> GnuPrivacyGuard that's all GPL'd 16:34 <@cohesion> you might check and see where it came from 16:34 <@hezekiah> cohesion: The problem is we'll need an LGPL C API that 16:34 <@hezekiah> uses Crypto. 16:34 <@hezekiah> I'll work it out when I get to it. 16:34 <@hezekiah> For now, I have two questions for jrand0m: (It's gone 16:34 <@hezekiah> up one!) :) 16:34 <@jrand0m> we have lots of options. we'll figure it out 16:34 <@jrand0m> heh fire away 16:34 <@hezekiah> 1.) When the client API spec is done on the 25th will 16:34 <@hezekiah> it detail the byte-by-byte structure of the messages sent over the 16:34 <@hezekiah> network, and will it detail the specifics on how the crypto is 16:34 <@hezekiah> implemented? 16:35 -!- ion [ion@anon.iip] has joined #iip-dev 16:35 <@jrand0m> yes 16:35 <@hezekiah> 2.) Will be we using Twofish? ;-) 16:35 <@jrand0m> no, prolly aes, unless someone has a really good reason 16:35 <@hezekiah> jrand0m: Was that yes to both questions, or just 16:35 <@hezekiah> question 1? 16:35 -!- nemesis [nemesis@anon.iip] has joined #iip-dev 16:35 <@hezekiah> OK. 16:35 <@jrand0m> hezekiah> yes to both 16:35 <@nop> well 16:35 < nemesis> uuuh, since when there are here ops? :) 16:35 <@hezekiah> nemesis: The English structure of that sentence was 16:35 <@hezekiah> too garbled for me to decipher? Whould you like to restate your 16:35 <@hezekiah> question? 16:35 <@jrand0m> whats special about twofish? why not go with the 16:35 <@jrand0m> advanced encryption Standard? 16:35 <@hezekiah> nop: Holding ... :) 16:35 * jrand0m holds 16:35 <@nop> I prefer that we have a suite of encryption options 16:35 <@nop> not just aes 16:35 <@nop> there are opinions about AES that some people do not feel 16:35 <@nop> comfortable using 16:35 <@nop> and would rather go with Twofish etc 16:35 <@nop> so maybe we can have it be a selection 16:35 < wilde> do both :) 16:35 <@nop> yes 16:35 <@nop> wilde: exactly 16:35 <@jrand0m> nop> suites would mean not everyone can send messages 16:35 <@jrand0m> to everyone 16:35 < jeremiah> but then wouldn't each router have to support both? 16:35 < jeremiah> that seems painful 16:35 <@jrand0m> doing both is definitely the case for transport layer, 16:35 <@jrand0m> where things can be negotiated 16:35 <@nop> not really 16:35 <@nop> I would not agree with AES then 16:35 <@nop> as if you are paranoid 16:35 <@hezekiah> Right. But let's try to too enclude things that are 16:35 <@hezekiah> weakening like 3DES. 16:35 <@hezekiah> A chain is only as strong as its weakest link. 16:35 <@nop> then you'll realize why 16:35 <@nop> with the US gov't approvals 16:36 <@jrand0m> I don't support AES because it has govt approval, I 16:36 <@jrand0m> support AES because it has cryptographers, scientists, and 16:36 <@jrand0m> mathematicians approvals. 16:36 <@jrand0m> if there is a better one, we can go with that. 16:36 <@jrand0m> but I don't want to go with something because its 16:36 <@jrand0m> different 16:36 <@nop> but the approval of twofish is strong as well amongst 16:36 <@nop> cryptographers 16:36 <@hezekiah> Well, the last three AES candidates were Rijndael, 16:36 <@hezekiah> Twofish, and Serpent. 16:36 <@nop> exactly 16:36 <@hezekiah> Rijndael was the fastest. 16:36 <@hezekiah> Personally, I have more faith in Twofish than 16:36 <@hezekiah> Rijndael. 16:36 <@jrand0m> nop I think I heard you say there were problems with 16:36 <@jrand0m> serpent? 16:36 < wilde> use multiple layers of encryption if you have CPU for it 16:36 <@jrand0m> wilde> there will be, but thats on a different aspect 16:36 <@jrand0m> of things. 16:36 <@nop> all I'm saying is that we could have both supported 16:36 <@nop> doesn't hurt 16:36 <@jrand0m> actually it does hurt 16:36 <@jrand0m> segmentation attack 16:36 < wilde> ok twofish wrapped in AES could be overkill 16:36 <@nop> haha 16:36 <@nop> not twofish wrapped in AES 16:36 < jeremiah> should we standardize each transport as having one 16:36 < jeremiah> specific set of characteristics (network setup, encryption)? 16:36 <@nop> alright for the sake of argument 16:36 <@nop> let's do rijndael for this part 16:36 < jeremiah> and then we could have one TCP transport supporting 16:36 < jeremiah> AES, one with Twofish, but not one that has to juggle both? 16:36 <@jrand0m> jeremiah> yes, particular transports will have 16:36 <@jrand0m> particular characteristics, but we're covering the end to end message 16:36 <@jrand0m> crypto done in the api atm 16:36 <@nop> let's do end to end AES 16:36 < jeremiah> jrand0m: ah 16:36 <@nop> then node to node twofish option 16:37 <@nop> and if you can, do AES-counter mode 16:37 <@jrand0m> 'k, sounds good. we can always change later on before 16:37 <@jrand0m> release (during peer review, etc) 16:37 < wilde> but all crypto algorithms have failed in the past, using 16:37 < wilde> double encryption would at least buy time in case of a crypto 16:37 < wilde> breakthrough 16:37 < jeremiah> not really 16:37 <@jrand0m> wilde> the truly paranoid can encrypt with their own 16:37 <@jrand0m> system prior to sending messages over the I2P network 16:37 <@hezekiah> wilde: If one algorithm is found to be weak, we'll 16:37 <@hezekiah> replace it. 16:37 <@jrand0m> I2P will just transparently encrypt 16:37 < wilde> jrand0m: yes, you're right, there should be a limit to 16:37 < wilde> paranoia 16:38 <@nop> yes 16:38 <@nop> we could go on all day 16:38 <@nop> arguing about it 16:38 <@nop> AES end to end 16:38 <@jrand0m> ok, I don't have anything else on I2P stuff 16:38 <@nop> Twofish and others node to node 16:38 <@jrand0m> coo' 16:38 <@jrand0m> any other I2P stuff, or are we on the next agenda item? 16:38 <@hezekiah> I'm done. :) 16:38 < wilde> what about A2A, anonymous 2 anonymous? 16:38 <@hezekiah> I 16:38 <@hezekiah> I've never heard of that. What are you talking about, 16:38 <@hezekiah> wilde? 16:38 <@jrand0m> I2P is anonymous to anonymous communication 16:38 <@jrand0m> I2P = "Invisible Internet Project" 16:38 < nemesis> jrand0m: can you send the roadmap as an attechment, and 16:38 < nemesis> not as inline? 16:38 <@jrand0m> (dont make us say I^2P) 16:38 <@nop> hushmail has an encrypted messenger 16:38 <@nop> neat 16:38 <@jrand0m> nemesis> hmm, I tried to - hushmail said it was 16:38 <@jrand0m> attached :/ 16:38 <@hezekiah> nemesis: I got it as attached. 16:38 <@jrand0m> nemesis> you can d/l from 16:38 <@jrand0m> http://article.gmane.org/gmane.comp.security.invisiblenet.iip.devel/290 16:38 < nemesis> i'm sorry, i can't copy&amp;paste it 16:38 <@hezekiah> nemesis: Perhaps your mail reader is the problem? (He 16:38 <@hezekiah> sent it as a zip file.) 16:38 < nemesis> its inline 16:38 < nemesis> theres a zip file... 16:38 -!- UserX [~User@anon.iip] has joined #iip-dev 16:38 <@jrand0m> 'lo userx 16:38 < nemesis> -Hush_boundarfy-31fda3d62329b 16:38 <@nop> did anyone log this 16:38 < nemesis> Content-Transfer-Encoding: base64 16:38 <@hezekiah> cohesion was supposed to. 16:38 <@jrand0m> I log all IRC 16:38 <@cohesion> i have it all 16:38 < thecrypto> yes 16:38 <@jrand0m> word 16:38 < Zwolly> my ISP also logs all the IRC chatting so what is new 16:38 <@jrand0m> lol Zwolly 16:38 < Zwolly> hehe 16:38 <@hezekiah> Zwolly: Your ISP won't have logs of this. :) 16:38 < Zwolly> i hope not if so you guys do a louzy job 16:38 <@hezekiah> lol 16:39 <@hezekiah> So, I'm assuming we move on to the next agenda item 16:39 <@hezekiah> now since we've stopped talking about i2p for a while. 16:39 <@nop> yes 16:39 <@nop> comments 16:39 <@nop> suggestions 16:39 <@jrand0m> we, should, like, do some drugs, man 16:39 <@hezekiah> jrand0m: Sorry. I refuse to ruin a good mind with such 16:39 <@hezekiah> substances. 16:39 < wilde> question: isn't the release plan a bit optimistic= 16:39 < wilde> ? 16:39 <@hezekiah> wilde: lol. Well, my term would be 'insane'. But I 16:39 <@hezekiah> think it might be feasible. 16:39 <@jrand0m> wilde> good question. it should be plausible, and if 16:39 <@jrand0m> any devs on there want to adjust tasks they are working on, we will. 16:39 < thecrypto> we can do it! 16:39 <@jrand0m> go TEAM! 16:39 < wilde> aim high that's good, but it should be realistic 16:39 < wilde> do you guys have time enough for the actual programming? 16:39 * jrand0m quit his job to work on this, and a few people have 16:39 * jrand0m> summer break coming up 16:39 < wilde> i mean september-october that's like 60-90 days 16:39 < wilde> ok that's sounds good 16:39 <@jrand0m> but don't believe us. we'll release when its ready. 16:39 <@hezekiah> jrand0m: BTW, since you quit your job, how are you 16:39 <@hezekiah> going to eat while you code this? 16:39 < jeremiah> wilde: we're going to be implementing lots of it in 16:39 < jeremiah> high-level languages and then re-coding in C later 16:39 <@jrand0m> hezekiah> I eat code 16:39 <@hezekiah> I was afraid you'd say something like that. 16:39 <@jrand0m> ;) 16:39 <@hezekiah> I just hope you've got a good nest egg to live on. 16:39 < jeremiah> jrand0m: my code eats random numbers 16:39 < jeremiah> that might make a bad loop 16:39 <@hezekiah> ROTFL! 16:39 < wilde> drinking java, eating python, roasted ant, could go 16:39 <@jrand0m> but bugs have lots of protien 16:39 * jrand0m !thwaps self 16:39 <@jrand0m> ok, do we have other questions / comments / 16:39 <@jrand0m> suggestions? 16:39 <@hezekiah> Well, I've got to go now. 16:39 <@hezekiah> Bye everyone. :) 16:39 <@jrand0m> or are we actually finishing up in under an hour? 16:39 -!- hezekiah [hezekiah@anon.iip] has quit [Client exiting] 16:39 <@jrand0m> lol wilde 16:39 <@jrand0m> nop> got anything or we done? 16:40 -!- UserX [~User@anon.iip] has quit [Ping timeout] 16:40 -!- wilde [anon@anon.iip] has quit [] 16:40 <@cohesion> ok, i'm ending the meeting 16:40 < nemesis> STOP! 16:40 <@cohesion> nop: i'll get with you about CVS tomarrow 16:40 * jrand0m stops 16:40 < nemesis> ganttproject-1.9.7.jar 16:40 <@cohesion> GO! 16:40 < nemesis> how it works? 16:40 <@nop> ok 16:40 <@nop> also 16:40 <@nop> aes 16:40 <@jrand0m> nemesis> just double click on it with java 1.4.2 16:40 <@jrand0m> installed 16:40 <@nop> we should use 256 bit as a norm 16:40 < nemesis> i have java 1.4.2... 16:40 <@jrand0m> nemesis> I'll email out the xml with the project info 16:40 <@jrand0m> word nop, definitely 16:40 < nemesis> Could not find the main class. Program will exit! 16:40 < nemesis> hm.. i think my java are broken.... Title of the 16:40 < nemesis> Window: Java Virtual Machine Launcher... 16:40 <@jrand0m> weird nemesis, works for me... make sure its loading it 16:40 <@jrand0m> with the 1.4.2 jvm and not the windows jvm 16:40 <@jrand0m> ah, try running from the cmd.exe command line 16:40 < nemesis> eh? 16:40 < nemesis> k 16:40 < nemesis> then i write a .bat for it, like for columba :) 16:40 <@cohesion> ok, i'm closing the logs 16:40 <@jrand0m> (and type java -version first to make sure it uses the 16:40 <@jrand0m> right one) 16:40 <@jrand0m> heh word 16:40 <@cohesion> everyone say "cheese" 16:40 <@jrand0m> queso 16:40 < thecrypto> cheese 16:40 < Zwolly> chesse 16:40 < Zwolly> cheese 16:40 < nemesis> E:\Sytemprogramme\server\Projektverwaltung>java 16:40 < nemesis> ganttproject-1.9.7.jar 16:40 < nemesis> Exception in thread "main" 16:40 < nemesis> java.lang.NoClassDefFoundError: ganttproject-1/9/7/ja 16:40 < nemesis> r 16:40 <@jrand0m> java -jar ganttproject-1.9.7.jar 16:40 < nemesis> java version "1.4.2-beta" 16:40 < nemesis> Java(TM) 2 Runtime Environment, Standard Edition (build 16:40 < nemesis> 1.4.2-beta-b19) 16:40 < nemesis> Java HotSpot(TM) Client VM (build 1.4.2-beta-b19, mixed 16:40 < nemesis> mode) 16:40 < nemesis> hm... why with -jar? 16:40 < nemesis> now it works... 16:40 -!- ion [ion@anon.iip] has quit [Ping timeout] 16:40 < nemesis> thx jrand0m 16:40 <@jrand0m> without -jar asks it to load the class 16:40 <@jrand0m> ganttproject-1/9/7/jar 16:40 <@jrand0m> np 16:40 < jeremiah> is cvs working? 16:40 < jeremiah> i checked out earlier today, but it's weird now 16:40 <@jrand0m> sourceforge is being a pain atm --- Log closed Tue Jul 22 17:18:14 2003 </div>
