---
title: "Lançamento 0.9.9"
date: 2013-12-07
author: "zzz"
description: "0.9.9 corrige diversos erros no netdb, no streaming e no i2ptunnel, e inicia os trabalhos em um plano de um ano para aumentar a força dos algoritmos de assinatura criptográfica."
categories: ["release"]
---

0.9.9 corrige vários erros no netdb, no streaming e no i2ptunnel, e inicia um plano de um ano para aumentar a força dos algoritmos de assinatura criptográfica usados no router e oferecer suporte a vários algoritmos e comprimentos de chave simultaneamente. Os arquivos de atualização automática agora serão assinados com chaves RSA de 4096 bits.

Agora suportamos SSL entre o seu router e seus servidores para maior segurança. Veja [este tópico de desenvolvimento](http://zzz.i2p/topics/1495) para mais informações.

As usual, we recommend that you update to this release. The best way to maintain security and help the network is to run the latest release. Several members of the I2P team will be at 30C3 in Hamburg this year. Come say hello and ask for an I2P sticker. Thanks to everyone for their support this year.

## DETALHES DA VERSÃO

### Anonymity Improvements

- Don't build client tunnels through zero-hop exploratory tunnels
- New "su3" file support using stronger keys
- Use su3 for updates

### Melhorias no anonimato

- Issues with losing data when closing streams
- Fix various streaming connection limit issues
- Issues with resource usage of closed connections
- Clean up timer threads in close-on-idle tunnels
- Several other streaming fixes
- Reject more non-public IPv6 addresses
- Fix IPv6 GeoIP
- Fix peer selection in first minutes after startup
- Several I2PTunnel bug fixes
- Fix major i2psnark DHT bug that prevented magnets from working well
- Fix client tunnels that fail due to name resolution failure at startup, particularly with b32 hostnames
- Fix changing client i2ptunnel target list
- Fix major bugs preventing reception of encrypted responses to leaseset lookups and verifies
- Fix bad links on some i2psnark buttons in Opera and text-mode browsers
- Fix NPE in Susimail

### Correções de erros

- Start work on supporting stronger signing keys in the router
- Reduce thread usage for HTTP Server tunnels
- Auto-stop update torrent after some time
- Add ability to stop webapp via console
- New POST throttler in HTTP server tunnel
- Improve connection throttling
- More work to reduce number of connections
- Re-enable router info expiration job
- Extend router info expiration and other changes to reduce load on floodfills
- Support multiple servers through a single server tunnel
- Support specification of server port in i2ptunnel clients
- Add support for SSL connections from i2ptunnel to external server
- SSL and crypto code refactoring
- i2psnark storage code refactoring
- New destination cache
- Lots of code cleanup and resolution of findbugs warnings
- New Japanese translation (partial)
- Translation updates: French, German, Italian, Romanian, Russian, Spanish, Swedish, and others
- Jetty 7.6.13.v20130916
- Wrapper 3.5.22 (new installs and PPA only)
- Update GeoIP data (new installs and PPA only)

### Outros

```
97dd4326ad8afdea0e78ffcb053b23793dfa79d89458be3fe3a1ed62a2d988e9  i2pinstall_0.9.9_windows.exe
5028910d3fb9747a6724e39f8eccb6d9ebe0530ef017102c372871badfbf6d9f  i2pinstall_0.9.9.jar
cbbf25dea50a717c3376eb7af226f0b2a653e0372db8782ef37aa8b3d275436c  i2psource_0.9.9.tar.bz2
533b0ce2d9e1bfc8762ba17eef3572ae7355ed8f21d5d3557b718a14b05794f2  i2pupdate_0.9.9.zip
77824eb6f754f8b40301b7d260701eb2211ee51105d5f4b43d2c328f71736e0f  i2pupdate.su2
78769de16a997730468e2e66c7519e2923d533cd96259dac352e04b07d80486c  i2pupdate.su3
81b89ed00705668003b2715b930519bbeb939b9623c7e6e8d63c2762aa748bd8  i2pupdate.sud
```