---
title: "Reunião de Desenvolvimento do I2P - 14 de julho de 2015"
date: 2015-07-14
author: "hottuna"
description: "Registro da reunião de desenvolvimento do I2P de 14 de julho de 2015."
categories: ["meeting"]
---

## Resumo rápido

<p class="attendees-inline"><strong>Presentes:</strong> chlorelium, dg, EinMByte, hottuna, lazygravy, psi, RN, str4d, z3r0fox, zzz</p>

## Registro da Reunião

<div class="irc-log"> 20:01:40  &lt;hottuna&gt; 0) Hi 20:01:40  &lt;hottuna&gt; 1) I2PCon: Status update 20:01:40  &lt;hottuna&gt; 2) I2PCon: Liqueur license ($25) 20:01:40  &lt;hottuna&gt; 3) I2PCon: Allow photos without explicit consent? 20:01:40  &lt;hottuna&gt; 4) I2PCon: Allow videos? 20:01:40  &lt;hottuna&gt; 5) I2PCon: Arrange schedule of event 20:01:43  &lt;hottuna&gt; 6) dogecoindark.i2p home page request 20:01:54  &lt;chlorelium&gt; aloha!  Nice to be here with you all today. 20:02:02  &lt;z3r0fox@oftc&gt; o/ 20:02:07  &lt;EinMByte&gt; Hi 20:02:13  &lt;hottuna&gt; ***** 0) ***** 20:02:19  &lt;hottuna&gt; Hello@all 20:02:36  &lt;hottuna&gt; Does anyone have any questions or anything that should be added to the agenda? 20:02:43  &lt;RN&gt; hi 20:03:00  &lt;str4d&gt; hi 20:03:00  &lt;lazygravy&gt; Hi 20:03:01  &lt;EinMByte&gt; Do we have a livestream? (for con) 20:03:15  * RN has input for #3 but will wait till it comes up 20:03:31  &lt;lazygravy&gt; EinMByte: sounds like talk for #4 20:03:38  &lt;hottuna&gt; EinMByte, no. nothing like that has been organized. let's add that discussion to 4) 20:03:46  &lt;hottuna&gt; anything else? 20:03:49  &lt;EinMByte&gt; ok 20:04:04  &lt;chlorelium&gt; one thing 20:04:06  &lt;chlorelium&gt; donations 20:04:15  &lt;chlorelium&gt; I was talking with dnj about donations at i2pcon 20:04:22  &lt;chlorelium&gt; not sure how we're handling that 20:04:25  &lt;chlorelium&gt; we should hash that out today. 20:04:40  &lt;hottuna&gt; let's add that as 7) 20:05:08  &lt;hottuna&gt; ok. 20:05:13  &lt;hottuna&gt; **** 1) **** 20:05:19  &lt;hottuna&gt; 1) I2PCon: Status update 20:05:37  &lt;hottuna&gt; So.. the current status is that we're finalizing most aspects of the event. 20:06:00  &lt;hottuna&gt; We have all of our speakers verified. 20:06:16  &lt;hottuna&gt; The next step is constructing a schedule 20:06:27  &lt;hottuna&gt; And lastly making a 2nd announcement 20:06:48  &lt;EinMByte&gt; How many participants do we have right now? Do we know that? 20:06:52  &lt;hottuna&gt; Containing more details, like schedule and whatever else might be useful. 20:07:06  &lt;EinMByte&gt; Do we have a webpage? Do we need one? 20:07:07  &lt;hottuna&gt; EinMByte, that is a good question. And something chlorelium has brought up. 20:07:19  &lt;hottuna&gt; Hacklab can seat 40people 20:07:21  &lt;EinMByte&gt; Like a page on geti2pNet 20:07:32  &lt;EinMByte&gt; s/geti2pNet/geti2p.net 20:07:42  &lt;hottuna&gt; EinMByte, I've voted against making a website due to the amount of work that would entail. 20:07:44  &lt;chlorelium&gt; hottuna: actually got a revised number, it 48 chairs, though it's a squeze 20:08:28  &lt;hottuna&gt; So speaking of the number of attendees, chlorelium requested that we try to keep track of the number somehow,. 20:08:39  &lt;EinMByte&gt; hottuna: well, an enitre website might be a little bit too much. But at least a page with the information? 20:08:44  &lt;hottuna&gt; The current idea is an evenbrite page where people can sign up. 20:09:11  &lt;chlorelium&gt; EinMByte: I was thinking an Eventbrite page.  Mostly I don't want a situation where we seat 48 people and 200 show up :) 20:09:30  &lt;chlorelium&gt; Hacklab has an eventbrite account, I can set something up shortly. 20:09:39  &lt;lazygravy&gt; hottuna: whatever is used, it should be made sure it doesn't block tor connections. I am sure most people would like to sign up over it. 20:10:03  &lt;hottuna&gt; Could we squeeze more than 48 people in there if some are left to stand? 20:10:03  &lt;EinMByte&gt; chlorelium: well, you can always give people a token that they need to show on entrance 20:10:11  &lt;hottuna&gt; Just to give us some margins 20:10:16  &lt;dg&gt; \o. 20:10:31  &lt;hottuna&gt; EinMByte, we have the announcment, and we're going to make another annoucnement in the smae style as the first 20:10:37  &lt;chlorelium&gt; hottuna: yes, it's standing room for probably 80+ 20:10:53  &lt;chlorelium&gt; lazygravy: noted re: TOR 20:10:56  &lt;hottuna&gt; other than that I don't have any volunteers for building a webpage. 20:11:44  &lt;chlorelium&gt; EinMByte: eventbrite generates "tickets"; doesn't need real name or real phone # though, it can be anonymous signup through tor with throwaway email 20:11:50  &lt;chlorelium&gt; EinMByte: so that can be the token of sorts 20:12:02  &lt;hottuna&gt; it sounds pretty good. 20:12:16  &lt;EinMByte&gt; That's good. Eventbrite seems good. But we should probably link to it on the I2P website 20:12:29  &lt;EinMByte&gt; (can be in a blog entry I suppose) 20:12:43  &lt;hottuna&gt; EinMByte, we will on the second announcement and probably from the first one too. 20:12:54  &lt;EinMByte&gt; ok 20:12:58  &lt;hottuna&gt; it's only there to give us an estimate of the number of participants 20:12:59  &lt;RN&gt; mmm... I suppose an I2P internal mirror of event brite would be a bit much... 20:13:21  &lt;dg&gt; RN: unlikely though somebody (I?) could ask. depends on how big they are, and if we have any contacts 20:13:35  &lt;hottuna&gt; :P 20:13:38  &lt;hottuna&gt; that's being pretty optimistic 20:13:56  &lt;hottuna&gt; we're also working on a flyer for the event 20:13:56  &lt;RN&gt; yeah, put that in the notes for "next time" 20:14:09  &lt;EinMByte&gt; So cholerlium, you set up the eventbrite page? 20:14:18  &lt;hottuna&gt; i was hoping to have an early version of it ready now, but will likely get to see it later tonight 20:14:19  &lt;chlorelium&gt; EinMByte: sure, I'll do that doay 20:14:21  &lt;chlorelium&gt; *today 20:14:43  &lt;hottuna&gt; splendid, the sooner we have a link, the sonner we can startp ublishing it 20:14:45  &lt;chlorelium&gt; EinMByte: I can at least generate the URL for posting, and we can populate it with content later if need be 20:15:27  &lt;hottuna&gt; Ok, anything else anyone would like to add? 20:15:36  &lt;RN&gt; sooner url is generated, sooner if it is tor-friendly can be tested 20:15:38  &lt;EinMByte&gt; *chlorelium 20:16:11  &lt;z3r0fox@oftc&gt; Regarding info in the second announcement, ppl may want to know if they'll be able to plug in 20:16:53  &lt;hottuna&gt; z3r0fox: nice catch 20:17:00  &lt;chlorelium&gt; z3r0fox: plug in to power, network, or what? 20:17:01  &lt;lazygravy&gt; Plug in being Internet access? 20:17:14  &lt;chlorelium&gt; power we have :) 20:17:18  &lt;z3r0fox@oftc&gt; Both... 20:17:28  &lt;str4d&gt; I've used Eventbrite via Tor before, it worked fine for me 20:17:30  &lt;str4d&gt; (back in 2013 registering for RWC 2014) 20:17:42  &lt;RN&gt; thx str4d 20:18:08  &lt;chlorelium&gt; so 20:18:12  &lt;chlorelium&gt; power: 20:18:17  &lt;chlorelium&gt; we have many large power strips 20:18:26  &lt;RN&gt; network? wifi? 20:18:31  &lt;chlorelium&gt; some of them hang from the ceiling, we could potentially run them under/behing rows of seats 20:18:37  &lt;chlorelium&gt; network is mostly through wifi 20:18:51  &lt;hottuna&gt; str4d, thanks 20:18:51  &lt;chlorelium&gt; we regularly handle 30+ people on the guest network 20:18:57  &lt;chlorelium&gt; we also have piratebox, if anyone cares :) 20:19:21  &lt;chlorelium&gt; I'll ask our ops person how many connections the guest network can accomodate before going to shit 20:19:27  &lt;hottuna&gt; ok. so we'll ahve some power at the very least and wifi for ~everyone 20:19:58  &lt;chlorelium&gt; yup 20:20:13  &lt;chlorelium&gt; this is also a helpful item in getting headcount before-hand 20:20:22  &lt;EinMByte&gt; good 20:20:22  &lt;chlorelium&gt; we can plan ahead for wireless needs 20:20:27  &lt;hottuna&gt; alright. anything else for 1)? 20:20:30  &lt;dg&gt; Somebody a few days ago by the name of 'saltire' messaged me, inquiring about setting up a relay between OFTC and IRC2P for #torontocrypto. He hasn't messaged me since, and #torontocrypto has no relay (just ChanServ and I). Would saltire, or somebody else from the TC side, be able to set one up? 20:20:48  &lt;dg&gt; I could probably do it because OFTC allows Tor, but I'd prefer a TC person. 20:21:13  &lt;hottuna&gt; dg, possibly. I know saltire from meatspace. 20:21:24  &lt;hottuna&gt; dg, could we save that until after the meeting? 20:21:28  &lt;RN&gt; mmm....   lag? or is network not available...? 20:21:31  &lt;dg&gt; hottuna: np 20:21:40  &lt;hottuna&gt; ok 20:21:45  &lt;hottuna&gt; **** 2) **** 20:21:48  &lt;hottuna&gt; 2) I2PCon: Liquor license ($25) 20:21:53  &lt;hottuna&gt; We're getting one. 20:21:54  &lt;hottuna&gt; Today. 20:22:03  &lt;hottuna&gt; No worries, we've got this. 20:22:06  &lt;chlorelium&gt; paperwork for that is almost filled out, just have to file 20:22:14  &lt;lazygravy&gt; :-) 20:22:21  &lt;chlorelium&gt; already called the LCBO, they'll have someone there until 9pm EDT to accept our app 20:22:25  &lt;chlorelium&gt; and actually the deadline is tomorrow night 20:22:30  &lt;zzz&gt; is license for consumption, sales, or both? 20:22:37  &lt;lazygravy&gt; BYOB? 20:22:38  &lt;hottuna&gt; So with the license there are some obligations we have to fulfill. Like not getting people shitfaced. 20:22:49  &lt;hottuna&gt; zzz, consumption. 20:22:54  &lt;hottuna&gt; lazygravy, no. 20:23:00  &lt;chlorelium&gt; license does not allow for sale.  It's for consumption only.  if we want a sale license the cost jumps to $75 20:23:11  &lt;hottuna&gt; having a license is not compatible with BYOB 20:23:17  &lt;EinMByte&gt; So that means drinks are free? 20:23:18  &lt;chlorelium&gt; BYOB is a no-no.  BYO is illegal at public events like this 20:23:30  &lt;hottuna&gt; EinMByte, yes. but only a small amount. 20:23:32  * RN pouts about non-attendance "awww man... they'll even have beer!!!"   :( 20:23:45  &lt;hottuna&gt; We're talking about 1-2 beers / participant depending on how many show up 20:23:46  &lt;chlorelium&gt; (and normally we wouldn't care, but guaranteed gov't types will show up and someone somewhere will complain about a lack of license) 20:23:59  &lt;hottuna&gt; And how generous eche|on is feeling 20:24:06  &lt;zzz&gt; fine. we have a bucket for donations (topic #7) 20:24:18  &lt;chlorelium&gt; We can have more alcohol for sale, but it means pitching in $50 extra for that license 20:24:24  &lt;chlorelium&gt; application process is essentially the same, though 20:24:25  &lt;EinMByte&gt; hottuna: ok. Do you have some systems for keeping track of who has already had their drink? Or do you think this won't be a problem? 20:24:41  &lt;hottuna&gt; zzz, as long as the donation bucket isn't explicitly for booze we should b efine 20:24:58  &lt;hottuna&gt; EinMByte, not really. but we don't plan on bringing tons. 20:25:02  &lt;chlorelium&gt; just FYI: if we take donations at the door and hand out drink tickets, we need a "sale" license since that's viewed as an indirect sale 20:25:26  &lt;chlorelium&gt; that doesn't mean we're prohibited from taking donations and giving drink tickets, but we can't do it in that order with a "no sale" license o_0 20:25:29  &lt;chlorelium&gt; liquor laws are silly 20:25:59  &lt;EinMByte&gt; hottuna: let's just assume honesty then 20:25:59  &lt;chlorelium&gt; EinMByte: I think honesty is a good policy :) 20:25:59  &lt;hottuna&gt; EinMByte, that's the idea. 20:25:59  &lt;hottuna&gt; Anything else on 2)? 20:26:14  &lt;chlorelium&gt; just a note 20:26:21  &lt;chlorelium&gt; once we get the license (in a week) 20:26:32  &lt;chlorelium&gt; we'll have to go to the LCBO with the license to do the purchasing 20:26:45  &lt;chlorelium&gt; whomever is bringing alcohol can't just pick up a bunch and then bring it 20:26:58  &lt;chlorelium&gt; there's something about the LCBO keeping track of sales 20:27:15  &lt;hottuna&gt; ok. that shouldn't be too much of a problem. 20:27:21  &lt;chlorelium&gt; I think they want to make sure you're not buying $1K of beer for a single event :) 20:27:30  &lt;chlorelium&gt; the license will probably get mailed to the lab 20:27:35  &lt;chlorelium&gt; I can get in touch when it does. 20:27:44  &lt;hottuna&gt; splendid 20:28:07  &lt;hottuna&gt; **** 3) **** 20:28:08  &lt;hottuna&gt; 3) I2PCon: Allow photos without explicit consent? 20:28:13  &lt;chlorelium&gt; so 20:28:23  &lt;hottuna&gt; Does anyone have a strong opinion? 20:28:31  &lt;chlorelium&gt; Hacklab default policy has almost always been "not without explicit consent" 20:28:47  &lt;chlorelium&gt; we can suspend that, however there's a good chance there will be members in the space who are not there for the con who might not want their pictures taken 20:29:04  &lt;hottuna&gt; alright, I guess that makes this choice a whole lot easier for us. 20:29:19  &lt;chlorelium&gt; We could have colour-coded nametags or something to communicate consent, if people like that idea. 20:29:31  &lt;hottuna&gt; Does anyone have any problems with not allowing photos to be taken? 20:29:41  &lt;hottuna&gt; (without explicit consent) 20:30:26  &lt;hottuna&gt; Does anyone want to add anything to 3)? 20:30:46  &lt;dg&gt; 3) being photo consent? 20:30:49  &lt;str4d&gt; I think explicit consent is fine 20:30:52  &lt;hottuna&gt; yes 20:30:53  &lt;z3r0fox@oftc&gt; It'll have to be made clear at the door, because phones 20:31:07  &lt;lazygravy&gt; str4d: that method seemed to work good at HOPE. 20:31:10  &lt;EinMByte&gt; I agree, some people will not want their picture taken 20:31:20  &lt;dg&gt; As long as explicit consent is fine and there's an understanding that people will remove pictures if asked 20:31:23  &lt;chlorelium&gt; z3r0fox: sure, we'll make a sign 20:31:27  &lt;RN&gt; yes 20:31:33  &lt;RN&gt; I missed all of three 20:31:44  &lt;hottuna&gt; excellent 20:31:56  &lt;str4d&gt; The nametag idea is a nice one. Maybe the Eventbrite page could have a tickbox for consent (yes/no/undecided) 20:32:14  * psi scrolls 20:32:26  &lt;chlorelium&gt; str4d: that's been done for non-hacklab events before 20:32:37  &lt;EinMByte&gt; str4d: good idea 20:32:39  &lt;chlorelium&gt; it doesn't even have to be a nametag, so much as a coloured piece of paper 20:32:46  &lt;str4d&gt; Nametag with green == fine. Without == must ask. 20:32:50  &lt;str4d&gt; chlorelium: nice 20:32:53  &lt;RN&gt; I have something to add to three and will just spam-paste it about 9 lines... 20:33:07  &lt;hottuna&gt; str4d, chlorelium: i'm not sure I would like to organize all of that I'd rather keep it barebones and like a simple rule 20:33:10  &lt;RN&gt; make an itoopie mask that people who don't want to be photographed can hold up in front of their face when picture is taken.... 20:33:10  &lt;RN&gt; easier than trusting someone else to photoshop the itoopie mask in later 20:33:10  &lt;RN&gt; mascott exposure == good pr | fun | inexpensive 20:33:10  &lt;RN&gt; requrired materials (assembly requrired) 20:33:10  &lt;RN&gt; paper plates 20:33:11  &lt;RN&gt; yellow spray paint 20:33:15  &lt;RN&gt; large tounge depressors 20:33:17  &lt;RN&gt; staples (that go through wood) or glue/tape 20:33:19  &lt;RN&gt; black marker or black paint & brush 20:33:39  &lt;hottuna&gt; RN: If anyone wants make a mask, that would be perfect! 20:33:46  &lt;chlorelium&gt; :D 20:33:49  &lt;RN&gt; give them out at the door... it starts the conversation about photos 20:33:55  &lt;psi&gt; are masks allowed still? 20:33:59  &lt;hottuna&gt; i'm putting it in the sure, why not bin. 20:34:02  &lt;psi&gt; like, anti protest laws etc 20:34:12  &lt;dg&gt; I imagine it's ok in a private space 20:34:17  &lt;hottuna&gt; we're not protesting. I think. and also indoors. 20:34:26  &lt;psi&gt; okay 20:34:27  &lt;hottuna&gt; anyway, can we move on? 20:34:35  &lt;hottuna&gt; **** 4) **** 20:34:35  &lt;str4d&gt; And it's not a mask as much as a masque 20:34:48  &lt;hottuna&gt; 4) I2PCon: Allow videos? 20:34:48  &lt;hottuna&gt;            Video livestream? 20:34:58  &lt;chlorelium&gt; psi: the mask laws don't apply 20:35:01  &lt;dg&gt; Yes yes yes yes yes if somebody is willing to do it. 20:35:07  &lt;chlorelium&gt; ianal, but I'm pretty sure of that one :P 20:35:13  &lt;str4d&gt; Videos / livestream partly ties in to #3 20:35:18  &lt;lazygravy&gt; Will the speakers be okay with this? 20:35:25  &lt;dg&gt; Make it clear that it's being recorded and indicate where people can sit if they want to be free from cameras 20:35:26  &lt;hottuna&gt; I don't think we have anyone willing to do all of the video work. 20:35:31  &lt;hottuna&gt; Nor do we have the equipment. 20:35:34  &lt;z3r0fox@oftc&gt; Since the expert videographer couldn't make it, I could set a couple HD cams up to point at the presenters to save the presentations for later. But there were some reervations. 20:35:37  &lt;EinMByte&gt; I think we definitely need a lifestream, as I suggested earlier 20:35:37  &lt;dg&gt; zzz mentioned something for Twitter 20:35:46  &lt;EinMByte&gt; *live 20:35:48  &lt;RN&gt; I'm not talking about wearing a mask... but I think we've moved on... 20:35:52  &lt;str4d&gt; dg: Periscope 20:35:57  &lt;dg&gt; str4d: That's it 20:35:59  &lt;zzz&gt; I propose to just periscope the talks from the @i2p account from my phone. I have a baby tripod and phone mount 20:36:25  &lt;zzz&gt; a real tripod would be better if anybody can bring one 20:36:29  &lt;str4d&gt; Does Periscope allow video to be saved, or purely an ephemeral livestream? 20:36:41  &lt;RN&gt; is periscope persistant? 20:36:44  &lt;zzz&gt; dunno 20:36:50  &lt;hottuna&gt; z3r0fox: if I could leave the responsibility of making video happen on your shoulders (including the work afterwards) 20:36:56  &lt;dg&gt; I might be able to just dump the stream anyway 20:36:59  &lt;hottuna&gt; i would be pretty happy about it 20:37:15  &lt;z3r0fox@oftc&gt; zzz: Is that something that could be good enough to edit for Youtube? I have 1 tripod, two HD cams, can get another tripod for 2 camera shoot if needed then I'd volunteer to editand put on Youtube or distibute provately, whatever 20:37:26  &lt;hottuna&gt; if not and no one else is stepping up, we're not going to have video. 20:37:50  &lt;psi&gt; if we do video we should also have an eventual i2p torrent 20:38:11  &lt;hottuna&gt; z3r0fox: so that means you'd go the full length and organize all of it? 20:38:14  &lt;zzz&gt; i've just played with periscope for a couple minutes. Not an expert. 20:38:16  * RN agrees with psi 20:38:29  &lt;z3r0fox@oftc&gt; hottuna: Yeah, it's not a big deal, simple edits. I just wouldn't want to lose document of presentations, assuming presenters are okay with being filmed. 20:38:34  &lt;zzz&gt; If we have nobody to do anything better, periscope is our fallback 20:38:38  &lt;hottuna&gt; psi, I agree about distributing it through bittorrent. 20:38:39  &lt;dg&gt; Woo! livestreamer (a Python tool) supports Periscope (http://docs.livestreamer.io/plugin_matrix.html). I and others could easily dump the stream to disk with it. 20:38:41  &lt;iRelay&gt; Title: Plugins Livestreamer 1.12.2 documentation (at docs.livestreamer.io) 20:39:09  &lt;RN&gt; nice find dg 20:39:13  &lt;z3r0fox@oftc&gt; hottuna: Yeah, not much equipment to set up. I'll talkk with chlorelium about sightlines and warning people about being filmed offline 20:39:13  &lt;hottuna&gt; dg, livestreaming is a bit more work to make actually work. 20:39:28  &lt;str4d&gt; Okay, so we have zzz's phone and two HD cams from z3r0fox. More than enough to get video 20:39:34  &lt;hottuna&gt; z3r0fox 20:39:35  &lt;hottuna&gt; sounds good 20:39:37  &lt;dg&gt; hottuna: Yes, but if we have to use periscope via zzzphone, persistence isn't an issue. 20:39:42  &lt;RN&gt; although a secondary recording kept on the periscoping device would be ideal in case of stream outages.... 20:39:46  &lt;str4d&gt; Pertinent issues: 20:40:01  &lt;str4d&gt; a) Each speaker would need to give consent/no 20:40:15  &lt;hottuna&gt; re live streaming:  Does anyone want to assume the responsibility of making that happen? 20:40:44  &lt;str4d&gt; b) Cameras need to be set up such that they either only film the speakers, or provide plenty of blindspots for attendees who don't want to be filmed. 20:40:46  &lt;hottuna&gt; str4d, a) I think we could handle that at the event (if we don't have any complaints earlier) 20:40:49  * RN passes note to hottuna and chlorelium "make sure to give zzz's device highest QOS and firewall clearance... "  ;) 20:40:57  &lt;chlorelium&gt; str4d: that's doable 20:41:04  &lt;chlorelium&gt; lol 20:41:09  &lt;str4d&gt; c) We would also want to record the presentation itself, via a screen recorder 20:41:10  &lt;zzz&gt; I'll do periscope. with my fancy $1 tripod and $4 mount 20:41:11  &lt;chlorelium&gt; I'll talk to ops :) 20:41:16  &lt;dg&gt; zzz: showoff 20:41:26  &lt;str4d&gt; (so it can be spliced into the final edit) 20:41:34  &lt;z3r0fox@oftc&gt; str4d: Good point about the slide decks, hmm 20:41:55  &lt;hottuna&gt; I guess a screen recorder could be set up. 20:42:14  &lt;dg&gt; decks is going to be easy, we can just ask them all to provide at the end 20:42:17  &lt;str4d&gt; It *could* be handled post- if we had the slides themselves, but probably easier to just edit a third video stream in rather than inserting slides 20:42:19  &lt;z3r0fox@oftc&gt; str4d: I could just use the slides probably unless the presentation's animated 20:42:25  &lt;hottuna&gt; z3r0fox: could the video be made without a screen recorder (but with the presentations crammed in there somehow)? 20:42:34  &lt;hottuna&gt; z3r0fox: perfect 20:42:55  &lt;hottuna&gt; So far I haven't had any takers on organizing live-streaming 20:42:56  &lt;z3r0fox@oftc&gt; hottuna: yeah I would just pull them in as images on another video 'channel' in kdenlive 20:43:06  &lt;dg&gt; At CCC, the recorders tend to just alternate between the speaker and the presentation as for when it is pertinent. 20:43:11  &lt;zzz&gt; if you all want to get your questions answered about periscope, install it on your phone and play around with it. follow the @i2p acct and i'll do a test later in the week 20:43:13  &lt;EinMByte&gt; slides should probably be uploaded somewhere 20:43:15  &lt;str4d&gt; yeah, could just display static slide from PDF/PowerPoint/whatever while playing audio from another video stream 20:43:20  &lt;hottuna&gt; So unless that changes, we won't have it. Which isn't a problem. 20:43:24  &lt;dg&gt; They show the slide for long enough for you to read, show the speaker when they get excited/haven't changed slide in a while, then go back to the slide, etc 20:43:32  &lt;dg&gt; hottuna: zzz is doing periscope 20:43:45  &lt;hottuna&gt; zzz, are you doing periscope? 20:43:49  &lt;zzz&gt; your phone will bleep at you when I go live ;) 20:43:50  &lt;dg&gt; yes 20:43:56  &lt;dg&gt; &lt;&zzz&gt; I'll do periscope. with my fancy $1 tripod and $4 mount 20:44:04  &lt;zzz&gt; yes 20:45:06  &lt;zzz&gt; if zerofox has a tripod for me that would be even better. would keep it from being knocked over, but not req'd 20:46:23  &lt;z3r0fox@oftc&gt; zzz: Just have one at the moment, I was going to look into getting a second one used for cam 2 (second shot angle)... but I may have oneof those small tabletop ones somewhere as well 20:47:00  &lt;zzz&gt; ok. bring duct tape ;) 20:47:11  &lt;hottuna&gt; ok. thats confirmation enough 20:47:13  &lt;hottuna&gt; i'm leaving it in your hands 20:47:13  &lt;hottuna&gt; alright, anything else regarding 4)? 20:47:13  &lt;hottuna&gt; *** 5) **** 20:47:13  &lt;hottuna&gt; 5) I2PCon: Arrange schedule of event 20:47:13  &lt;hottuna&gt; I can't say I ahve a lot to say about it yet, but the contents of day#1&&day#2 is as follows 20:47:14  &lt;hottuna&gt; 15 Aug 20:47:14  &lt;hottuna&gt; tentative time: 2PM - midnight Not necessarily in this order 20:47:15  &lt;hottuna&gt;     Nick Johnston: "TOS and PII - What happens to your data when the company gets bought and sold?" Different terms of service from popular web apps 20:47:18  &lt;hottuna&gt;     Keynote: Guest speaker 1 (1 hour) (before cryptoparty or after?) "Privacy vs. Intelligence - Why can't we all just get along?" 20:47:21  &lt;hottuna&gt;     Dinner break - where/when? 20:47:21  &lt;hottuna&gt;     Short I2P General presentation, by zzz: "Growing the Network, Spreading the Word" 20:47:23  &lt;hottuna&gt;     Cryptoparty presentation, by ?? (j?) 20:47:23  &lt;hottuna&gt;     Cryptoparty, by j (how long?) 20:47:25  &lt;hottuna&gt; 16 Aug 20:47:25  &lt;hottuna&gt; tentative time: 12AM - 8 PM Not necessarily in this order 20:47:26  &lt;hottuna&gt;     Confirmed guest speaker 2 (1 hour) "I2P Monitoring and Filtration" (requested time: early) 20:47:29  &lt;hottuna&gt;     Confirmed guest speaker 1 (1 hour) "Anonymity protocols and malware - Why they fail" 20:47:31  &lt;hottuna&gt;     I2P Technical presentation, by zzz: "The Connection Limit Challenge" 20:47:33  &lt;hottuna&gt;     I2P Technical discussion, led by (zzz??) Topics TBD 20:47:34  &lt;hottuna&gt;     I2P App Dev Intro, by psi 20:47:35  &lt;hottuna&gt;     The Agony and the Ecstasy of I2P on Android, by str4d (via skype) 20:47:36  &lt;hottuna&gt;     i2pd presentation by orignal Title: "i2pd"; requested time: 15 minutes 20:47:38  &lt;hottuna&gt;     Roadmap meeting. led by zzz: When is 1.0? Crypto migration schedule (RI, snark) (EC vs. Ed), LS2, NTCP2, new DH, Java 7, SAM 3.2, Jetty 9, 12-month plan 20:47:41  &lt;hottuna&gt;     Organizational meeting, led by zzz: Finances, roles, PR, servers and services, CCC planning 20:47:43  &lt;hottuna&gt;     Dinner break - where/when? Order sandwich/pizza delivery? Guest speakers probably need to be before the break, as they may be flying out. 20:47:44  &lt;hottuna&gt;  20:47:45  &lt;hottuna&gt; forgive the slightly chaotic nature of it at the moment 20:47:46  &lt;hottuna&gt; sorting it out and fixing it is what's going to happen next 20:47:51  &lt;hottuna&gt; there's not much to add to 5), but now you all know what I know. 20:47:51  &lt;hottuna&gt; does anyone have anything else to add to 5)? 20:48:13  &lt;hottuna&gt; everyone is aware of what they're going to do/speak about? 20:48:34  &lt;dg&gt; is orignal OK now? 20:48:36  &lt;psi&gt; i still need to flesh out my talk all the way 20:48:37  &lt;EinMByte&gt; seems good, should be online somewhere though 20:48:46  &lt;hottuna&gt; dg, he was always ok for a short talk? 20:48:49  &lt;dg&gt; EinMByte: it is 20:48:57  &lt;psi&gt; i was thinking workshop but it seems like it's a talk 20:49:01  &lt;dg&gt; hottuna: he was reluctant to speak at all, and wasn't sure what to say 20:49:13  &lt;dg&gt; I think he might need a bit of prompting for subjects 20:49:19  &lt;psi&gt; probably easier to do a talk 20:49:20  &lt;EinMByte&gt; dg: link? 20:49:34  &lt;hottuna&gt; psi, would a short talk be ok? we could move it to the crypto party part of this? 20:49:59  &lt;hottuna&gt; dg, ok. I'm going to have to confirm orignal a second time. 20:50:07  &lt;hottuna&gt; i will do it OOB from this meeting 20:50:19  &lt;dg&gt; EinMByte: http://trac.i2p2.i2p/wiki/MeetupToronto2015 20:50:20  &lt;psi&gt; cryptoparty time makesss sense 20:50:28  &lt;dg&gt; i2p2.de if you're in the clearnet, but why are you? ;) 20:50:34  &lt;EinMByte&gt; dg: thanks 20:51:19  &lt;hottuna&gt; ok. next topic? 20:51:30  &lt;chlorelium&gt; question: how much of this is i2pcon and how much is cryptoparty 20:51:38  &lt;psi&gt; for my workshop i was going to have people write the example echo client serve 20:51:41  &lt;hottuna&gt; ehm. good question. 20:51:52  &lt;chlorelium&gt; like, are we running a cryptoparty as a separate event, or are we just having the TC folks give presentations, or what? 20:51:54  &lt;hottuna&gt; we don't have enough crypto party stations at this point 20:52:02  &lt;hottuna&gt; so it's going to be heavily I2PCon 20:52:13  &lt;hottuna&gt; and a crypto party to the etent we can find crypto party volunteers 20:52:31  &lt;dg&gt; if anyone is willing to help others setup popular crypto tools like OTR, obviously I2P, Tor, etc., then that'd be appreciated 20:52:36  &lt;chlorelium&gt; so this sounds like i2pcon with some involvement from TC, rather than one event nested inside another 20:52:41  &lt;dg&gt; Tails and that sort of thing. 20:52:59  &lt;hottuna&gt; chlorelium, the crypto party bit of day#1 will probably be scheduled for the lunch break and onkly be like an hour or two 20:53:51  &lt;chlorelium&gt; hmm 20:53:52  &lt;chlorelium&gt; okay 20:54:09  &lt;chlorelium&gt; so hottuna mentioned irl just now that more volunteers are needed for the cryptoparty aspect 20:54:22  &lt;chlorelium&gt; TC is the best for that, I'm not able to help so much in that area 20:55:06  &lt;chlorelium&gt; not sure how everyone wants to run that. 20:55:42  &lt;EinMByte&gt; Can we go to 6)? I have some comments and must leave soon 20:55:47  &lt;chlorelium&gt; you could run the cryptoparty as sort of a socialization session 20:55:51  &lt;chlorelium&gt; sure 20:55:56  &lt;hottuna&gt; EinMByte,  sure 20:56:03  &lt;hottuna&gt; **** 6) **** 20:56:08  &lt;hottuna&gt; 6) dogecoindark.i2p home page request 20:56:17  &lt;EinMByte&gt; The website uses a lot of "external" stuff 20:56:36  &lt;EinMByte&gt; That is, it uses resources from various non-i2p websites 20:56:48  &lt;dg&gt; The owner didn't really get the problem with that, but after speaking with him, he agreed that it's problematic in some cases. He felt it was ok to keep Facebook/Twitter share buttons. 20:57:01  &lt;hottuna&gt; zzz, EinMByte 20:57:05  &lt;zzz&gt; this is my agenda item, hottuna may i have the floor? 20:57:25  &lt;hottuna&gt; zzz, please 20:57:28  &lt;EinMByte&gt; Also, we already have anoncoin.i2p. Do we really need more cryptocurrency links? 20:57:43  &lt;zzz&gt; thank you hottuna 20:57:53  &lt;zzz&gt; the request is here http://zzz.i2p/topics/236?page=2#p9999 20:58:03  &lt;iRelay&gt; Title: zzz.i2p: How to get my Eepsite added to the Router Console home page (at zzz.i2p) 20:58:06  &lt;zzz&gt; in the form of answers to the questions in the first post of that thread 20:58:16  &lt;zzz&gt; is the operator of the site here? 20:58:29  &lt;dg&gt; no, i've pinged him in another chan, he's been idle for 5m so give him a moment 20:59:50  &lt;EinMByte&gt; Note also that the website needs javascript to load, which may be a problem for some people (like me) 21:00:11  &lt;zzz&gt; ok, while we wait, does anybody have any comments pro or con? 21:00:48  &lt;hottuna&gt; i don't really know what the website is 21:01:08  &lt;dg&gt; It's a cryptocoin which supports I2P 21:01:24  &lt;hottuna&gt; is it straight up dogecoin? 21:01:34  &lt;zzz&gt; re: 1MB's comments, we don't have external resource links or js use as criteria for rejection at the moment 21:01:37  &lt;dg&gt; no, it's dogecoin forked to have I2P support 21:02:05  &lt;EinMByte&gt; The main problem (appart from technical stuff which can be fixed of course) I see is that we already have anoncoin on the homepage 21:02:09  &lt;zzz&gt; let's go back to the basics. is this of general interest to the i2p community? 21:02:11  &lt;EinMByte&gt; which is a very similar project 21:02:29  &lt;EinMByte&gt; So I'm not sure if we need another cryptocurrency on the homepage 21:02:52  &lt;dg&gt; "We need more of everything" -- I don't know if it's a bad thing to have more than one. Got to account for the bus, and the bus almost hit Meeh.. he was gone for a while and Anoncoin is only recovering now. 21:03:06  &lt;zzz&gt; we don't ever want just one of anything, and ANC is on life support anyway 21:03:26  &lt;EinMByte&gt; I agree that "we need more of everything". But I don't think that applies to the homepage 21:04:09  &lt;zzz&gt; does anybody here use dogecoindark? 21:04:41  &lt;zzz&gt; anybody have any other comments? 21:04:43  &lt;dg&gt; abyss does, but he's not in here (and doesn't appear to be around at the moment). He runs a market. 21:04:52  &lt;dg&gt; I'm on the fence. I don't really mind. 21:05:42  &lt;zzz&gt; anybody strongly in favor or strongly against? 21:05:52  &lt;EinMByte&gt; Well, if there is interest from other people I'm ok with it BUT only if the external resource issue is resolved 21:05:58  &lt;hottuna&gt; im mildy in favor 21:06:08  &lt;EinMByte&gt; (until then, strongly against, after that neutral) 21:06:27  &lt;psi&gt; can i be strongly indifferent? :D 21:06:34  &lt;hottuna&gt; doesn't hurt. I quess the fact that is depends on lots of external stuff is kind of bad. And there should be some kind of warning perhaps 21:06:38  &lt;EinMByte&gt; That said, there should be a ruled wrt to external resources because it's a pretty serious problem 21:07:12  &lt;zzz&gt; so you think home page eepsites should not load clearnet css/images? should that be a criterion? 21:07:32  &lt;hottuna&gt; possibly? 21:07:45  &lt;EinMByte&gt; zzz: I think no eepsite should do that yes. Especially not the ones on the home page 21:08:13  &lt;dg&gt; it shouldn't be a blanket. if they have a good excuse we might allow it, not that I can think of any 21:08:13  &lt;EinMByte&gt; In this case, it's probably not intentionally malicious 21:08:22  &lt;EinMByte&gt; But it could be 21:09:25  &lt;RN&gt; I agree that outernet resources should be strongly discouraged 21:09:25  &lt;zzz&gt; it's not a good user experience though 21:09:25  &lt;zzz&gt; ok let's table this topic without a final decision for now 21:09:25  &lt;zzz&gt; back to you hottuna thank you 21:09:25  &lt;hottuna&gt; ok :) 21:09:39  &lt;hottuna&gt; **** 7) **** 21:09:41  &lt;hottuna&gt; 7) I2PCon: donations 21:09:51  &lt;EinMByte&gt; Didn't zzz already comment on this? 21:09:57  &lt;EinMByte&gt; Anyway, bye. 21:10:05  &lt;hottuna&gt; EinMByte, cya 21:10:42  &lt;chlorelium&gt; So originally we were told that all donations collected during the con would be given to the hacklab 21:10:54  &lt;chlorelium&gt; this came from dnj, through f3ndot 21:11:02  &lt;chlorelium&gt; dnj and I discussed this the other day as well 21:11:19  &lt;chlorelium&gt; It's not actually a big deal though; if i2p wants some/all of the donations, we can arrange for that 21:11:21  &lt;zzz&gt; I don't recall anybody promising that 21:11:26  &lt;dg&gt; nor do I 21:12:29  &lt;chlorelium&gt; I'm just going to have to tell the hacklab membership.  I doubt they'll be particularly upset 21:12:29  &lt;zzz&gt; hottuna, did you make that promise? 21:12:29  &lt;chlorelium&gt; hmm, interesting.  so there's a bit of broken communication somewhere. 21:12:29  &lt;dg&gt; I think it's reasonable to give a contribution for the services but I don't remember a commitment 21:12:29  &lt;hottuna&gt; no.  It must've come up between dnj and f3ndot 21:12:29  &lt;hottuna&gt; I havent really touched the topic of donations before 21:12:39  &lt;hottuna&gt; So, what are our requirements for donations? 21:12:42  &lt;hottuna&gt; Do we have ny? 21:12:43  &lt;hottuna&gt; *any 21:12:43  &lt;hottuna&gt; Do we care? 21:12:55  &lt;hottuna&gt; Could we have separate donation boxes? 21:12:59  &lt;zzz&gt; i propose we have a single bucket and we split it 3 ways i2p/TC/hacklab after covering booze costs 21:13:13  &lt;hottuna&gt; Or one with which we split? 21:13:23  &lt;dg&gt; boxes sounds good but risks saturation of any funds.. a bucket would be good 21:13:25  &lt;hottuna&gt; zzz, that sounds good to me. 21:13:37  &lt;hottuna&gt; :p 21:13:37  &lt;chlorelium&gt; zzz: if we have the donation bucket cover booze before it's split, we need a $75 event permit 21:13:38  &lt;dg&gt; i'm sure the topic of I2P finance/project scale will come up in the talks which means people may be willing to donate something anyway 21:13:41  &lt;zzz&gt; we are paying for the hacklab services already 21:13:54  &lt;hottuna&gt; does anyone mind the idea of splitting the contents of the donation box? 21:13:57  &lt;chlorelium&gt; ontario law is that the hosting org needs to absorb all alcohol costs 21:14:10  &lt;zzz&gt; who is the hosting org? 21:14:12  &lt;dg&gt; if people really want to give to us, they can do that 21:14:19  &lt;dg&gt; zzz: oh. then between i2p/tc depending on how much tc helps with 21:14:41  &lt;zzz&gt; whose name on the permit? 21:14:44  &lt;chlorelium&gt; zzz: hacklab is on the application 21:14:47  &lt;hottuna&gt; so the donations aren't tied to booze. and let's not say that they are. it would just be a problem for everyone involved. 21:15:51  &lt;zzz&gt; yeah but you realize we can't give you 1/3 of gross 21:17:07  &lt;hottuna&gt; zzz, are you saying that we don't want to hand 1/3rd over to hacklab? 21:17:07  &lt;zzz&gt; so hacklab, not i2p, is buying all the beer? 21:17:07  &lt;zzz&gt; who is buying the beer? 21:17:07  &lt;hottuna&gt; technically yes, practically no. 21:17:08  &lt;chlorelium&gt; ^ this 21:17:18  &lt;hottuna&gt; eche|on, or someone will walk to the booze-store with the permit and buy what we need. 21:17:26  &lt;zzz&gt; ok then lets not get all techical/practical about donations 21:17:46  &lt;str4d&gt; Okay, so hacklab is being paid for venue hire, and will increase their invoice to cover their beer costs, no? 21:17:59  &lt;hottuna&gt; str4d, no. 21:18:09  &lt;hottuna&gt; we're paying for beer. 21:18:11  &lt;str4d&gt; Then I'm confused 21:18:20  &lt;hottuna&gt; it will come out of eche|ons pocket 21:18:27  &lt;str4d&gt; hottuna: I was speaking technically 21:18:34  &lt;hottuna&gt; hacklab isn't monetarily involved in it 21:18:43  &lt;chlorelium&gt; str4d: that's understandable, the permitting process is ridiculous.  incidentally, I apologize in advance for how complicated all of this is. 21:18:44  &lt;str4d&gt; (since they are required by law to cover it, no?) 21:19:09  &lt;hottuna&gt; ah. technically they're buying booze, practically we (echelon) are 21:19:17  &lt;str4d&gt; I just want to make sure that asses are covered 21:19:21  &lt;str4d&gt; K 21:19:26  &lt;chlorelium&gt; pretty much.  you can take the permit to the LCBO, or we can do it 21:19:30  &lt;chlorelium&gt; as long as the costs are covered. 21:19:52  &lt;hottuna&gt; i think we have this sorted out well enough. 21:19:55  &lt;str4d&gt; So on any invoice, it would appear as "venue: $X. booze: $Y. Already paid: $Y. Due: $X." 21:19:59  &lt;str4d&gt; K 21:20:03  &lt;chlorelium&gt; you're renting the lab space, essentially, which in this case makes you a representative of the venue.  or that's what I'm going to say if anyone asks. 21:20:24  &lt;chlorelium&gt; str4d: sure.  we generally don't invoice people, but that can be arranged no problem. 21:20:29  &lt;zzz&gt; so i'm back to my original proposal, we have a single donation bucket, and that above and beyond certain (cough) expenses, we graciously split the rest, if any, 3 ways with TC and hacklab 21:21:16  &lt;str4d&gt; chlorelium: not sure if invoices are required by law, is the thing. You could say better than me :) 21:21:31  &lt;hottuna&gt; zzz, do we really want to go about it that way. 21:21:33  &lt;zzz&gt; assuming TC wants any $$ 21:21:38  &lt;hottuna&gt; i'd rather do it properly. 21:21:44  &lt;dg&gt; what is properly? 21:22:02  &lt;zzz&gt; ^^ what is properly, indeed? 21:22:02  &lt;chlorelium&gt; zzz: incidentally, how much did you discuss renting the lab space for back in april (or whenever this was worked out)? 21:22:05  &lt;zzz&gt; let's hear your proposal 21:22:15  &lt;hottuna&gt; properly as not have any boze money taken out of the donation box. 21:22:21  &lt;zzz&gt; chlorelium, tuna did the negotiations 21:22:22  &lt;hottuna&gt; my proposal is we split it 3 ways 21:23:01  &lt;zzz&gt; if you don't want to take booze money taken out of donations, then let's spend $50 more and sell the beer 21:23:17  &lt;hottuna&gt; does anyone want to stand there and sell beer? 21:23:42  &lt;zzz&gt; otherwise i2p is giving several dollars to TC and hacklab for every beer that we give away! 21:23:43  &lt;str4d&gt; If we spend $50 more, then we *can* take booze money out of donations 21:24:02  &lt;str4d&gt; (IIUC) 21:24:16  &lt;zzz&gt; or else have three buckets 21:24:23  &lt;hottuna&gt; str4d, I guess that is correct. but do you really know that we'll get 50$ in donations? 21:24:39  &lt;hottuna&gt; i think we're overthinking this. 21:25:05  &lt;hottuna&gt; the donations are _not_ going to be anywhere near the expenses we've had putting this event on 21:25:33  &lt;zzz&gt; giving 2/3 of our donations away starting at first dollar, when we're paying for the beer is a terrible idea 21:25:34  &lt;hottuna&gt; we're talking about $50-$100 worth of beer. 21:25:38  &lt;hottuna&gt; that's not a lot. 21:25:43  &lt;chlorelium&gt; hey 21:25:45  &lt;chlorelium&gt; so 21:25:47  &lt;chlorelium&gt; let me check the regulations 21:25:54  &lt;chlorelium&gt; I think I need to re-read some wording 21:26:05  &lt;chlorelium&gt; essentially, we can't tell people to donate to cover beer cost 21:26:18  &lt;chlorelium&gt; if people donate and we take money out of the pot to cover that, it might be fine 21:26:26  &lt;chlorelium&gt; the wording is ambiguous in the doc I read 21:26:31  &lt;chlorelium&gt; as for splitting the pot 21:26:52  &lt;hottuna&gt; chlorelium, if that is legal, let's do that. 21:27:04  &lt;chlorelium&gt; do it whichever way you would like.  I'm not hung up on it.  $150/day was pledged by i2p/tc for use of the space, and I'm happy for that 21:28:17  &lt;str4d&gt; There's also the fact to consider that hacklab is being paid for services rendered, vs. TC and I2P effectively volunteering. 21:29:30  &lt;chlorelium&gt; str4d: absolutely 21:29:40  &lt;chlorelium&gt; okay, here's the wording from the agco permit. 21:29:44  &lt;chlorelium&gt; Will alcohol be sold? 21:29:44  &lt;chlorelium&gt; You must answer yes to this question if you are 21:29:44  &lt;chlorelium&gt; collecting money for alcohol either directly, through 21:29:44  &lt;chlorelium&gt; the sale of alcohol or drink tickets at the event (e.g. 21:29:46  &lt;chlorelium&gt; cash bar, sale of drink tickets), or indirectly through 21:29:49  &lt;chlorelium&gt; the sale of admission, membership fees or the collection 21:29:51  &lt;chlorelium&gt; of money for alcohol before the event. 21:29:54  &lt;chlorelium&gt; so I think we're in the clear 21:30:08  &lt;hottuna&gt; So it's all basically fine. 21:30:19  &lt;chlorelium&gt; I called AGCO about this and they gave me a really wishy-washy answer.  so all is well, I think. 21:30:32  &lt;hottuna&gt; (donations - beer_costs) / 3 21:30:40  &lt;dg&gt; I don't think hacklab should get any donation cut 21:30:51  &lt;dg&gt; They're being helpful but we are paying them for services 21:31:01  &lt;hottuna&gt; dg, they're not making a lot of money here. 21:31:22  &lt;dg&gt; Can we pay more for the beer licence, include that in what we pay them, and split donations between I2P and TC (depending on how much help TC gives)? 21:32:30  &lt;hottuna&gt; dg, if we do a donation box, it's ok to subtract money from the donated amount to cover beer costs according to the text above 21:32:39  &lt;hottuna&gt; so we dont need a fancier license 21:32:44  &lt;dg&gt; oh, cool 21:32:45  &lt;str4d&gt; So while I have no objections to hacklab receiving some of the donations, perhaps the split could be e.g. 1:2:2? 21:32:51  &lt;dg&gt; (I didn't get any text) 21:32:56  &lt;hottuna&gt; I would like to give them a part of the donations since A) they were promised it (by J it would seem) 21:33:05  &lt;zzz&gt; this is going to be a lot more than $50 worth of beer. I'm going to drink $50 worth myself. 21:33:20  &lt;dg&gt; that's what I thought ;). people at hacker cons like beer. a lot 21:33:44  * fox reminds you all not to cheap out on beer or buy anything american 21:34:07  &lt;chlorelium&gt; so hottuna's laptop just craped out 21:34:21  &lt;dg&gt; let's not honor other people's promises 21:34:27  &lt;chlorelium&gt; so I just talked to two other hacklab board members 21:34:33  &lt;zzz&gt; I don't give j's promises to hacklab any weight, no. 21:34:49  &lt;chlorelium&gt; we're cool with just $300 for the space usage, and covering the $25 alcohol license if that's cool 21:34:53  &lt;hottuna&gt; B) because they're part of the same community we are. 21:34:57  &lt;chlorelium&gt; you can keep the donations 21:35:12  &lt;chlorelium&gt; and sorry for all of the miscommuncation :( 21:35:18  &lt;hottuna&gt; i would still like to split it 3 ways. 21:35:29  &lt;hottuna&gt; does anyone else want to split it 3 ways? 21:35:35  &lt;zzz&gt; I'm ok with 1/1/1 split after (cough) costs 21:35:44  &lt;zzz&gt; and with covering their $25 21:35:50  &lt;str4d&gt; hottuna: I suggested maybe 1/2/2 split 21:35:50  &lt;hottuna&gt; zzz, that's what im proposing 21:36:07  &lt;str4d&gt; (unless people don't like hard math :P) 21:36:17  &lt;hottuna&gt; str4d, let's not do anything fancy here. 21:36:28  &lt;hottuna&gt; i would prefer an equal split 21:36:43  &lt;hottuna&gt; doing anything else just implies a bunch of stuff. 21:37:23  &lt;hottuna&gt; have a managed to convince everyone of a (donations-beer)/3 split? 21:37:28  &lt;chlorelium&gt; to be clear: I'm very happy to host y'all here, I just wanted to make sure everyone was on the same page.  I don't want to cause any rancor.  The love of money is the root of all evil :) 21:37:40  &lt;dg&gt; ok, but let's have an emphasis on I2P's size and need for more donations during talks. People can seek out our donation info if they want to 21:37:59  &lt;hottuna&gt; Sure, let's cram it in there somewhere. 21:38:25  &lt;hottuna&gt; str4d, dg, zzz: is that ok? 21:38:34  &lt;str4d&gt; So to summarize, we have hacklab saying "We don't need donations", hottuna saying "You *will* take donations", and everyone else not really minding either way? :P 21:38:53  &lt;hottuna&gt; yes. that sums it up. 21:38:54  &lt;str4d&gt; For the record, I don't mind a 1/1/1 split 21:38:59  &lt;chlorelium&gt; str4d: pretty much :P 21:39:00  &lt;dg&gt; hottuna: ok from me 21:39:00  &lt;hottuna&gt; want to do it my way? 21:39:23  &lt;str4d&gt; (after (cough) costs) 21:39:23  &lt;hottuna&gt; ok. 21:39:29  &lt;hottuna&gt; yes. 21:39:31  &lt;hottuna&gt; ok. 21:39:41  &lt;hottuna&gt; ok I tihnk we're done here. 21:39:46  &lt;hottuna&gt; anything else? 21:39:51  &lt;dg&gt; in general or i2pcon? 21:39:56  &lt;hottuna&gt; either 21:40:02  &lt;str4d&gt; psi: you still around? 21:40:06  &lt;zzz&gt; yes 21:40:19  &lt;dg&gt; ok, i2pconish: 21:40:20  &lt;dg&gt; &lt;+dg&gt; Somebody a few days ago by the name of 'saltire' messaged me, inquiring about setting up a relay between OFTC and IRC2P for #torontocrypto. He hasn't messaged me since, and #torontocrypto has no relay (just ChanServ and I). Would saltire, or somebody else from the TC side, be able to set one up? 21:40:22  &lt;dg&gt; &lt;+dg&gt; I could probably do it because OFTC allows Tor, but I'd prefer a TC person. 21:40:38  &lt;dg&gt; hottuna: Could you speak to saltire for a follow-up? 21:40:43  &lt;psi&gt; str4d: yes 21:41:17  &lt;hottuna&gt; dg.. sure 21:41:20  &lt;hottuna&gt; one se 21:41:22  &lt;hottuna&gt; c 21:41:38  &lt;str4d&gt; If saltire was asking if they could set it up, they only have to ask the network ops and the owner of the #torontocrypto channel on Irc2P 21:41:45  &lt;zzz&gt; reminder that relays to irc2p require irc op permission (although dg is one) 21:41:52  &lt;hottuna&gt; dg, I pinged him. 21:42:01  &lt;hottuna&gt; im leaving the rest of this up to the two of you. 21:42:18  &lt;hottuna&gt; saltire is typically available on #torontocrypto @ OFTC 21:42:20  &lt;dg&gt; thanks, and thx for the reminder, i would like to liaison with them if they could get back to me 21:42:43  &lt;dg&gt; If nobody's too exhausted from 3h of I2PCon and donation shoving... 21:42:48  &lt;hottuna&gt; :P 21:44:00  &lt;hottuna&gt; ok 21:44:00  &lt;hottuna&gt; this meeting is officially over 21:44:00  &lt;hottuna&gt; baf's the meeting hammer </div>
